https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9465de01ab416bec5f5c44413faedb2ad17f9ed9b2 How to install JMP How to install JMP: Before beginning – you must log in to the myCoyote Portal In the myCoyote Portal, click on the collaborate tile: In the Collaborate area, click on the “Google Drive for Students” icon. You will need to ensure that you are logged into Google Drive as a student, or you will be unable to access the software Go to the ITS Student software download page Scroll down to the heading “JMP Statistical Discovery Software from SAS” Choose either the Windows Download Link or the Mac Download Link depending on the system you are using. You may be prompted to request permission. If you are prompted to request permission. Please do so, and the administrator will approve your request as soon as possible. Once you can access the file, click on the download icon in the upper right-hand corner – The remainder of the directions will be different for PC or Mac. Choose the directions below: PC USERS: Navigate to location you have downloaded the .zip file and double click to open the folder Double-click the “install.bat” Be sure to use install.bat as this file contains the license code Note: Right-click the setup.exe and choose Run as Administrator to install JMP with the highest privileges possible Click Next at the InstallShield Wizard window. Click Next at the Choose Destination Location window. Click Next at the Installation Options window. Note: These options are explained below: Language Support Files (Optional) – Installs the language files needed if you plan to operate JMP under different display languages. Excel Add-in – Installs the JMP Excel Add-In within Excel. SAS software integration – Installs the JAVA components needed to connect to a remote SAS server from JMP. Click Install. Wait for the installation to complete at The InstallShield Wizard is installing JMP <version> window. Note: JMP installs Microsoft .NET, Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable(s) and other JMP support files. At the InstallShield Wizard Complete window, select whether you want to Create desktop shortcut and/or if you want JMP to Check for JMP software updates. Click Finish. To launch your JMP <version>. a. Navigate to Start and select JMP <version>. b. Click the “Wait to Register” or the “Register” option. MAC USERS: 1. Download the JMP Software Depot to the Downloads folder on your computer. 2. Install JMP. a. In the Downloads folder, browse to the “/JMP/JMP/<version>/Macintosh” directory and Double-click on the “JMP-Install.dmg”. b. Double-click the JMP <version>.pkg to launch the JMP installer. c. Click Continue on the Welcome to the JMP <version> Installer screen. d. Click Continue. e. Click Install. f. Enter your user name: and computer password at the prompt and click Install Software. g. Wait for the installation to complete. h. Click Close. 3. Launch JMP <version>. a. Click Go > Applications. b. Locate the JMP <version> shortcut and Double-click to launch the application. c. Click the “Wait to Register” or “Register” option. 5. JMP is now installed and ready for use. a. Navigate to Go > Applications and start using JMP