https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945c3a68a650d822e2b93f4b6f89096ce6bab09579 Reference Guide for IP Phone 8811/8841/8851/8851NR/8861 Quick Start Cisco IP Phone 8811, 8841, 8851, 8851NR, and 8861 1. Dial To place a call, pick up the handset and enter a number. Or, try one of these alternatives. Redial Last Number Press Redial to redial on your primary line. To redial on another line, press the line button first. Dial On-Hook Enter a number when the phone is idle. Lift the handset or press Call, Headset , Speakerphone , or Select. Speed Dial Enter a speed-dial item number and press SpeedDial. You may also have speed dials assigned to some buttons along the left side of your phone. 2. Answer New calls display in these ways: A flashing amber line button An animated icon and caller ID A flashing red light on your handset To answer the call, lift the handset. Or, press the flashing amber session button, Answer, the unlit headset button, or the speakerphone button. Answer Multiple Lines If you are talking on the phone when you get another call, a message appears briefly on the phone screen. Press the flashing amber line button to switch lines and press the session button to answer the second call. The first call goes on hold automatically. You can answer a call through an actionable incoming call alert if this feature is enabled by your administrator. 3. Hold Press Hold . The hold icon appears and the line button flashes green. To resume a call from hold, press the flashing green line button, Resume, or Hold. 4. Transfer From an active call, press Transfer . Enter the transfer recipient’s phone number. Press Transfer again (before or after the party answers). The transfer completes. Direct Transfer You can transfer the active call to the held call either on the same line or across lines From an active call, press Transfer . Press Active calls to select the held call, and press Transfer again to finish the call transfer. 5. Conference From an active call, press Conference . Make a new call. Press Conference again (before or after the party answers). The conference begins and the phone displays “Conference.” Repeat these steps to add more participants. The conference ends when all participants hang up. Join Calls You can conference the active call with the held calls either on the same line or across lines. From an active call, press Conference . Press Active calls to select the held call, and press Conference again to create the conference. View and Remove Participants During a conference, press Show Details. To remove a participant from the conference, scroll to the participant and press Remove. 6. Mute While on a call, press Mute . The button glows to indicate that mute is on. Press Mute again to turn mute off. 7. Voicemail New message indicators: A solid red light on your handset A stutter dial tone (if available) The voicemail icon and number display on the screen along with one idle session button Listen to Messages Press Messages and follow the voice prompts. To check messages for a specific line, press the line button first. 8. Divert Press Divert when the call is ringing, active, or on hold. Divert redirects an individual call to voicemail or to another number set up by your system administrator. 9. Forward All To forward calls received on your primary line to another number, press Forward all. To forward calls to another number, enter a phone number. To forward all calls to voicemail, press Messages To cancel call forwarding, press Forward off. To set up forwarding on a secondary line, press the line button to select the line and press Forward all. To set up forwarding remotely, access your Self Care Portal. 10. Call History View Call History Press Applications . Scroll and select Call History. Select a line to view. Your phone displays the last 150 missed, placed, and received calls. To view details for a call, scroll to the call, press More, and then press Details. View Missed Calls Only View your call history. Press Missed. Alternately, press the session button mapped to the Call History icon. Dial Call History View your call history, or navigate to your missed or placed calls. Scroll to a listing and lift the handset, or press Select. To edit a number before dialing, press More > EditDial. 11. Directories Press Contacts . Scroll and select a directory. Use your keypad to input search criteria. Press Submit. To dial, scroll to a listing and press Dial. 12. Settings Volume The Volume bar is located to the left of the keypad. To adjust the handset, headset, or speaker phone volume, press Volume when the phone is in use. To adjust the ringer volume, press Volume on the left (-) or right (+). To silence the phone when ringing, press Volume left one time. Pressing Volume multiple times lowers the ringer volume. Ringtone Press Applications . Select Settings > Ringtone. Select a line. Scroll through the list of ringtones and press Play to hear a sample. Press Set and Apply to save a selection. Screen Brightness Press Applications . Select Settings > Brightness. Press the Navigation cluster left or right to increase the brightness and press Save. Screen Contrast (8811 only) Press Applications . Select Settings > Contrast. Press the Navigation cluster left or right to change the contrast and press Save. Font Size Press Applications . Select Settings > Font Size. Select Tiny, Small, Regular, Large, or Huge. Press Save. 13. Navigation Where are the Line Buttons? Line buttons are located on the left side of the phone screen. Buttons that are not assigned to phone lines can be used for speed-dials and other features. Contact your system administrator for more information. Note If you are using a locale that reads right to left, such as Arabic, the line button and session button locations are swapped. Where are the Session Buttons? Session buttons are located on the right side of the phone screen. Where are the Softkeys? Four softkey buttons are located below the phone screen. You can press More (when available) to reveal additional softkeys. How Do I Navigate in a List or Menu? Press up, down, left, or right on the four-way Navigation cluster. A scroll bar on the screen indicates your relative position within a list. How Do I Select an Item in a List or Menu? With the item highlighted, press Select. Or, use the keypad to enter the corresponding item number. How Do I Exit a Menu? To exit a menu completely, press Exit. To go back one level in a menu, press Back . Note If you press and hold Back, you exit a menu completely. 14. USB Charging To charge your mobile phone, use the side USB port of the Cisco IP Phone 8851 or 8851NR, or use the side or back USB port of the Cisco IP Phone 8861. To charge your tablet, use the back USB port of Cisco IP Phone 8861. 15. Intelligent Proximity (Applicable to Cisco IP Phone 8851 and 8861; not supported by the Cisco IP Phone 8851NR.) If your administrator has enabled this feature, you press the second line button to open the Bluetooth menu to pair and connect your smartphone or tablet. After your smartphone or tablet connects, its name displays on the second line label and you use this line to manage your smartphone or tablet calls. You can also use the Hands-free 2-way audio entry in the Bluetooth menu. Press Applications . Select Bluetooth. Enable or disable Hands-free 2-way audio. 16. Tips How Can I Keep Track of Multiple Calls? Line button colors indicate call states and can help you stay oriented when handling multiple calls including shared lines: Ringing call—Flashing amber Connected call—Solid green Held call—Flashing green Shared line in-use remotely—Solid red Shared line on hold remotely—Flashing red What Is the Best Way to Use My Headset? If you use a headset to dial or answer a call, your headset is the primary audio path and a headset icon displays in the right corner of the header bar. Press Answer to automatically answer the call using the headset. How Do I Set Up Speed Dials? To set up Speed Dials and customize other features and settings for your phone, use a web browser on your computer to access the Self Care Portal. Contact your administrator for the Self Care Portal URL. Where Can I Find a Complete User Guide? http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/collaborati on-endpoints/unified-ip-phone-8800-series/produc ts-user-guide-list.html Americas Headquarters Cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive San Jose, CA 95134-1706 USA http://www.cisco.com Tel: 408 526-4000 800 553-NETS (6387) Fax: 408 527-0883 Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. To view a list of Cisco trademarks, go to this URL: www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. (1110R) © 2015 Cisco Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.