https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945b68be2670fc2e4b8ec14a9f803545455546db89 Zoom Video Conferencing Tool Zoom is a flexible, easy-to-use video conferencing tool which is available free to CSUSB faculty via your myCoyote portal. You can use Zoom for online meetings with anyone, including students (up to 300 at a time), fellow faculty, and staff. Zoom can be accessed from desktop or laptop computers, tablets, and smartphones. Here are directions on how to create a Zoom meeting: Navigate to the myCoyote Portal from the CSUSB homepage Open the Collaborate folder Select the “Zoom” link: You are now logged into the Zoom web portal: Depending on whether you wish to host a meeting immediately, or schedule a meeting for later, go to one of the following sections: Host a Meeting? or Schedule a Meeting How to host a meeting: In order to host a meeting immediately, select “Host A Meeting” drop down in the top right corner. And select either “With Video Off” or “With Video On” according to your preference. This will prompt you for permission to either download or open the Zoom application on your computer and start the meeting; please allow this. You will be prompted to choose the audio options. If your computer has a microphone (either built in or from a web cam) you can choose to "Join with Computer Audio". The other option is to choose the "Phone Call" option. You will be provided with a phone number and "Meeting ID" to phone in. Now Zoom will open and the meeting begins. You’ll be able to invite participants by clicking the “Invite” button at the bottom of the Zoom meeting: You can share the invitation in a few different ways: Clicking the “Copy URL” button, then paste the URL into an email message to the participants you wish to invite. Click the “Copy invitation” button, then paste the message into an email to the participants you wish to invite. Clicking the contacts you may have in the invitation window. Click one of the email service buttons. Your chosen email service will appear with a preformatted invitation. How to schedule a meeting: If you don’t want to host a meeting right now but instead want to schedule a meeting in advance. Select “Meetings” from the menu on the left-hand menu on the Zoom web portal. Then select “Schedule a New Meeting”. Enter all of the meeting information such as Topic, Description, When, Duration, Time Zone, and video/audio options for the host(s) and participants. Please note one of the options is to record the meeting automatically for sharing later, for example with students. Once the meeting has been scheduled, the Zoom web portal will give you options to copy either the link of the invitation to share with participants. In addition, once the meeting time has arrived, you’ll see the option to start the meeting. How to use Zoom to record a lecture that includes PowerPoint: Make sure to have your PowerPoint presentation open when launch your Zoom meeting. On the bottom right hand corner of the Zoom window, you will see a recording option. We recommend your chose to record to the Cloud as it will store the video outside of Blackboard, and you will be able to share the link of the recording with your students. This way, you won’t have a large video file on your computer to upload to Blackboard. Next, you will notice on the top left hand corner the icon for recording to the cloud. This image is from a Mac computer, but the PC version looks nearly the same. Next, to share your desktop and your PowerPoint presentation, you will click on the option “Share” at the bottom of the screen. A new window will open and you will see all the applications/programs you have currently running in your computer. If you have a website you want to share, it will also display here. As you can see in the screenshot below, you have “Desktop 1” as the default window to share; this will share any open application that is on your screen. Please be careful in case there is information on the screen that you do not wish for others to see. Additionally, you will see other options that Zoom allows you to share. The last window on the display is the PowerPoint presentation. Click on the PowerPoint to highlight it, and then click on the blue button that reads “Share.” Once you select Share, Zoom will select the PowerPoint window and share only that with students. If the PowerPoint presentation is minimized or closed, the students will not see anything else on your screen. If you need to share something different, you can click "Stop Share" and then click the "Share" option at the bottom of the screen and choose which item you would like to share. As you can see on the screenshot below, the presentation is now displaying, and a new set of icons appear at the bottom of the screen. These icons are not recorded in the presentation; they are just your meeting controls. When you are done recording your presentation, hover over the the top border of the Zoom window and the recording options will appear. You can pause the recording, or you can stop the recording when done. Once you select “Stop Recording” a new window prompt will appear Select yes! You will receive an email when the recording is complete. You can then copy that link and place it in your Blackboard course for students to review at a later time. Your email message from Zoom will look like this. Note:? If you do not receive an email, you can go to your Zoom page and click on the left hand side where it says “Recordings.” If the recording of your presentation is not complete, you will see the following: Once your video is complete, you will see the following: Select “Share” and a new window will appear. You can then copy and paste the link into your Blackboard course page, and even send it via email to your students. It is best practice to enable audio captioning in the event that you have a student registered with SSD. Zoom (along with YouTube), allow for automatic audio captioning. To enable this, follow these steps. Go to your Zoom page Click on Settings on the top right hand corner, under your account information A new window will appear called My Settings. Select Audio Captioning, and click on Save: For more detailed information, including how to download transcripts, please see the Zoom Support page by clicking this ?link?.