https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9464750ca9adc9f13e066c468292fc8489b8bd7bbb Share Files from Google Drive Shared drives (e.g. OneDrive, Google Drive) can be used to save and organize files in a cloud format. They also allow you to easily and securely share these files and folders with others directly from the drive. Did you know… You already have access to Google Drive through your myCoyote portal? To access this drive, login to myCoyote, then select the ‘Collaborate’ tile. From here, you can launch Google Drive, as well as other collaboration tools. Sharing Files from Google Drive If your file is not already saved in your Google Drive, you’ll first need to upload it. Begin by selecting New in the top-left corner, and choose either File Upload or Folder Upload, depending on the type of item you’d like to upload. Choose the item(s) you’d like to upload from your desktop, then select Open. Once your file(s) is saved to your Google Drive, you have the option to share it with others either via email, or by generating a shared link. Click on the file you’d like to share. It will be highlighted in blue to indicate it has been selected, and additional options will appear in the tool-bar at the top of the window. If you’d like to share the file(s) via email, select the Share button from the tool-bar. In the Share with people and groups window, type in the email address of the colleague you’d like to share the file with, then select Done. An email will be sent to that individual, which will allow them to access the file/folder you shared with them. If you’d like to share the file with a shared link, select the Get Shareable Link button from the tool-bar. Google Drive will generate a shareable link that you can easily Copy and share with another individual. Select Done when you have finished copying the shared link. Still Need Assistance? View the following video for a quick demo on how to share files and folders within your shared drive. Google Drive: Sharing and Collaborating If you prefer live assistance, ITS Training Services offers training on Google Drive, and would be happy to help! Email them at itstrainingservices@csusb.edu to inquire about upcoming training sessions.