https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=94700e9a4b72542bcd983d4ccba2a99da434b3295f Zoom Security Features: How to Mitigate “Zoom-bombing” You can choose security options either by creating a new meeting or by editing an existing meeting. Once you are in the meeting options, the procedures are the same. To create a new Zoom meeting, take the following steps: Log in to the MyCoyote Portal using your 9 Digit ID number and MyCoyote Password Within the MyCoyote Portal, click on the Collaborate Tile Click on the Zoom Tile Click on “Schedule a Meeting” To access and edit an existing Zoom Meeting, take the following steps: Log in to the MyCoyote Portal using your 9 Digit ID number and MyCoyote Password Within the MyCoyote Portal, click on the Collaborate Tile Click on the Zoom Tile Hover your mouse over the name of the meeting and click on edit, being sure to choose “edit al occurrences” From here, there are several options you can enable: Enable waiting room: You should enable this - the waiting room can be used as a virtual queue to hold students in a line as they wait to talk to you. The waiting room can also be used as a virtual jail – if a participant is being disruptive you can ban them into the waiting room by clicking on their name from the participant view in the Zoom meeting. Enable join before host: you should disable this option, but make sure you start your Zoom meeting a few minutes before the advertised start time (in other words, make sure you, the meeting host, will be there early or students will not be able to join!). Mute participants on entry: self-explanatory, you should probably check this. You can mute/unmute them later on manually from within the meeting. Only authenticated users can join: Sign in to Zoom: this one is a little tricky. One the one hand, if you enable this, then only users from CSUSB can join your Zoom meeting. This is probably good. On the other hand, this assumes that students understand to login to Zoom using their CSUSB credentials, and not a free personal Zoom account they can make. If they are using a free personal account, they would not be able to join your meeting; this is probably bad. Note that you can make a free Zoom account with your csusb.edu email address, but that doesn’t mean you are logged in using our CSUSB site license - see the getting started handout for students for details. Once you’ve started your meeting, there are several other options you can set. Click the up-arrow next to the green Share Screen button, and set “One participant can share at a time”. Then select Advanced Sharing Options: Under advanced sharing options “Who can share?”, set it to say “Only Host”. This will prevent Zoom bombers from sharing obscene photos, etc. The downside, of course, is that if you want your meeting to be interactive, this makes it less so because students will not be able to share something they are looking at. If you carefully control who is in the meeting using the waiting room, it might be safe to allow other participants to share screen. The final place you can set security options is within the Manage Participants window: Click on Manage Participants first, then click on More (bottom right in the above picture). When you click on More, you should see a little dialog pop up, as shown above. You can set the following options: Mute Participants on Entry: check this option. You can always unmute participants manually. Allow Participants to Unmute Themselves: If you have a large class I would recommend unchecking this option anyway. This will prevent zoom bombers from speaking in the channel. You will have to manage your participants using the “raise hand” feature during your meeting. Allow Participants to Rename Themselves: disable this by unchecking it. Play Enter/Exit Chime: use your judgement. A troll could Zoom bomb you by repeatedly entering and exiting. Put Participants in Waiting Room on Entry: use your judgement. This probably works well for a small class, but if your class is large it may be unwieldly. Lock Meeting: this prevents other people from joining. Use with caution. Sometimes students will disconnect through no fault of their own (bad internet connection, hit the wrong button by accident) and this will prevent them from rejoining.