https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=948f1ab15b398385990b9a422f8926669946c7003d Batch Upload of Grades using Canvas Gradebook Exporting Gradebook from Canvas If you are using Canvas as the gradebook for your course, that gradebook can be exported to your computer and that file can be used to populate the gradebook roster provided in Faculty Center. We recommend exporting your gradebook from Canvas, and then using that to paste in the appropriate grades into the pre-formatted grade roster provided in faculty center. Before proceeding, be sure all assignments are graded and the final score in your Canvas Gradebook is the accurate grade for each student. Please be sure to read all steps carefully. Login to Canvas using your 9 digit Coyote ID number and myCoyote password If required, authenticate through DUO From your Dashboard, select your desired course From the menu on the left hand side, choose grades Open the Actions menu and select Export Current Gradebook View Once the process has finished, open the CSV file in Excel For the purposes of grades, you only need two columns – Student and Final Score. To delete the columns you don’t need, right click on the column and select Delete from the menu that appears. Repeat this step for each of the extra columns. The final scores are posted as a percentage. You’ll need to convert the percentages into a letter grade by typing in the appropriate letter grade Save the file and then go to the myCoyote portal and access your faculty center Click on the Grade Roster icon to the left of the desired course. Do not click on the icon that is located on the icon legend Click on the Grade Roster icon to download the file to excel Open the file in Excel You will see a preformatted grade roster From the file modified in step 10, copy and paste the letter grade into the grade roster file, under the Roster Grade column Save the grade roster as a .csv file Upload the Grades from the Excel Spreadsheet Navigation: Faculty Center>Grade Roster After selecting the PS Grade Roster icon, the Grade Roster page displays. Select the Import Grades from File link to begin the upload process. The Grade Import Instruction page is displayed. Select Next to continue importing the existing Excel spreadsheet file. Complete steps 1 and 2 below to select your File. Step 1: Select Comma from the drop down. (The Excel spreadsheet was saved as a comma delimited or CSV file). Step 2: Navigate and select the Excel file to load by selecting Get File. The file attachment dialog box displays. Select Browse to attach the Excel file. Once the Excel file is attached, select Upload to import the Excel file. After uploading, use the dropdown option under Column Mapping field to the right to Map (1) ID with Student ID and (4) Roster Grade with Grade. Confirm that the Column Mapping is correct by selecting Next. Review that the information is correct and select Submit to finish importing the Excel Grade Roster from file. Note: Any errors will be marked in red. Select Return to the Grade Roster to confirm the grades were assigned. In addition, if errors appear, fix all errors in the fields from the previous page that now appear blank. An error message will display if a grade was not successfully uploaded. Common reason(s) that prompt an message(s) include: Grades which were not in the grading basis for the class. A grade was already assigned. If no Incomplete Grade is assigned go to Step 10. If an Incomplete Grade was assigned, this will trigger you to add an incomplete contract for the student. The incomplete contract is the agreement between the faculty member and the student regarding what needs to be completed to complete the incomplete. Select the Add link. Enter the reason for the incomplete. Indicate the grade that will be assigned to the student if they do not complete the work required. The deadline to complete the incomplete defaults to one year later. Change if the date is sooner. Enter the work required to complete the incomplete. Select Apply. Select OK. Remind students to go navigate to their MyCoyote Student Center to accept their incomplete contract. Otherwise, there will be a hold placed on their records. The add link will change to update. This indicates that the incomplete contract has been created. “WU” or withdraw unofficial grades require faculty to indicate the date of the student’s last day of attendance. Enter the student’s last day of attendance. Select the Save button on the bottom right of the page to confirm the upload. This is a precaution to ensure data is ready for Approval. Saving often is a good practice. A message should display that the grade roster is not complete until the status has been changed from Not Reviewed to Approved (see below). Select OK and complete Step 11 to upload successfully. Once the course grades are reviewed and finalized, change Approval Status from Not Reviewed to Approved. Select Save. A congratulatory message stating grades have been successfully posted will display. The final grade posting process will be completed in the Office of the Registrar.