https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=946688a3339e25d58fcd33410a959d74b2a21ed552 MS Teams for Students MS Teams for Students Overview MS Teams is a collaboration platform within Office 365 that allows collaboration among participants. In MS Teams, users can: Use chat instead of email Collaborate on files in real time Customize the interface by adding notes and apps Communicate with other users via Chat, Video conferencing How to Access MS Teams Navigate to myCoyote Portal > Collaborate Tile > MS Teams If prompted, sign into Office 365 using your CSUSB credentials. The MS Teams download prompt will appear. Click the “Get app” button to Download the app Once the app is downloaded and installed, run the application from your Programs list. MS Teams Gallery Here you will be able to see all the teams that you have been assigned to. Select join or create a team tab How to Create a Team Click the Join or Create a team tab (if you have been given a code, type it in) Assignment Your Assigned work will show in order of due date. Select any assignment card to open it and view the assignment’s details. Select the Turn in button to turn in an assignment before its deadline. The button will change depending on the status: Turn in again if you’re editing an assignment you’ve already turned in and need to submit work again. Turn in late if you’re turning in your assignment after the due date, but your teacher has allowed late turn-ins or asked for a revision. Not turned in if the assignment is past due and your teacher is no longer accepting turn-ins. You cannot turn in work. Undo turn in if you decide you want to edit your assignment before the due date. You'll need to turn it in again after you make your edits. Feed: Activity Log The Activity Log allows users to view notifications and gives a user the ability to filter activities. In addition, users are given notifications of all the events happening in Teams. Chat This feature will allow you to create private or group chat amongst your fellow classmates or your instructor. Start a new conversation with a person or group At the top of the app, click New chat . In the To field, type the name of the person or people you want to chat with. In the compose box, say what you have to say and click Send Name your Group Chat Create a name for your group chat. Select the arrow to the right of the controls and type the group name. A name makes a group chat easier to find later. Note: This is helpful when you have group chats with different sets of people. Formatting Options Click the tab under the box where you type your message, then pick an emoji, meme or sticker from one of the categories. Calls You can make a call by going to the Video or Calls tab option. You can also make a call by selecting the Calls tab which allows you to search the person that you want to call. You may select the Audio or Video option. Contact ITS Training Services at itstrainingservices@csusb.edu for additional assistance with MS Teams