https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=946741634137e23fa647be40a0a62e39495d20ada2 Clearing Cache and Cookies in Chrome Mobile Browser Tap the Options button The options menu looks like three dots next to each other; they are located in the bottom right-hand corner. You may have to scroll right to the top of the website you're on for these three little dots to appear. You need to have at least one tab for them to appear. Tap "Settings" Depending on the screen size of your device you may have to scroll the Options menu down a little bit in order to see the "Settings" item at the bottom of the list. Tap the "Privacy" menu item Scroll down the menu screen until you see the Privacy menu item. Tap it. The privacy section holds some options regarding your personal privacy on your device while using Chrome. Tap "Clear Browsing Data" You will see the Clear Browsing Data menu item in the Privacy section; tap it. This will take you to a screen where you can choose the different things you want to clear from Chrome. Choose what to Clear You will see a list of what can be cleared: Browsing history, Cookies, Site Data, Cached Images & Files, Saved Passwords and Auto-fill Data. Tap on each of these items to choose whether or not it will be cleared. You will see a blue tick symbol appear if it is about to be cleared... Choosing the time range You can also select a time range for when to clear the data for. If you want to clear just your recent browsing history, you can use the Last Hour option. If you tap the Time Range item you'll be able to choose from Last Hour, Last 24 Hours, Last 7 days, Last 4 Weeks, or All time. If you choose All time then all your browsing history for Chrome will be cleared. Tap the "Clear Browsing Data" item When you have chosen what you want to clear and to keep, tap the red "Clear Browsing Data" item at the bottom - and then confirm your decision in the little pop-up which appears. Whatever you have chosen to be cleared will now be cleared by Chrome. Tap "Done" in the top right hand corner to finish. Once you have successfully cleared your Browsing Data, simply tap the Done button in the top right corner to finish. You will return to the web page you were looking at when you first tapped the Options menu.