https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=94677185b06815592cec0141868e10bd136e43f0c9 myCoyote - Managing Your Account If you ever need to change your password, update your security questions, or manage your recovery email number and/or phone number, you can always adjust these items from the Account Management Self Service Portal. To begin, navigate to the ‘My Account’ webpage by using the following URL: https://www.csusb.edu/my-account. Click on the ‘Manage Your Account’ tile to launch the portal. Provide your Coyote ID on the login page, then click ‘Next’. Then, provide your myCoyote password, and click ‘Sign In’. If you are required to provide two-factor authentication, you will be prompted to authenticate with DUO. Select a method to authenticate (i.e. mobile push notification, passcode) and validate the request to proceed. Once you are logged in to your portal, you have the option to edit your profile and preferences. Recovery Information To edit your recovery email and/or phone number, navigate to the ‘Profile’ tab under ‘My Profile’, edit the information, then click ‘Submit’. Set Up Security Questions To manage your security questions and/or answers, go to the ‘Set Up Security Questions’ tab under ‘My Profile’. Choose different questions by clicking on the pencil icon and select one from the drop-down list, and type then re-type the correct response in the spaces provided next to each question. Click ‘Save’ to apply your changes. Preferences If you would like to manage the method in which you receive a PIN to recover your account, click on the ‘Preferences’ tab from ‘My Profile’. Select ‘Preferred method to receive PIN’ from the drop-down list, then click ‘Next’. Designate the device(s) you’d prefer to receive your PIN, then click ‘Save’. Messages Any secure alerts can be found under the ‘Messages’ tab. Locate the message in the table and expand to read it in full. If you need to manage your myCoyote login password, click ‘Change Password’ from the top-left menu. Type, then re-type your new password into the spaces provided, making sure to include all required elements. Click ‘Reset Password’ to apply your changes.