https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9455139dcabaf4b3ab8ea5498d83954dcb7226d8ad Remote Services for Faculty & Staff Use Instructions for Macs Complete a TNS Work Oder Navigate to Submit a TNS Work Order. Next, fill in the request information. (This will be the requestor). NOTE: for Service Needed, Select the VPN option Complete the requested details: Select VPN Identify the following: Who needs access. The MPP to review. The system or service. The length of term regarding how long you will need access. Further details regarding this request. Then, select submit to complete this request. (You will receive a confirmation email with the request details). Once this is complete: Install GlobalProtect Download Mac 32/64 bit GlobalProtect agent Click the Select button. Enter your campus username and password. Click OK. Click the Accept button to accept the VPN usage agreement. The VPN client should now be running in the background of your computer. To verify this, look in the top right corner near your clock for the icon highlighted in red below. From the Finder menu, click Go >> Connect to Server. In the Connect to Server window, in the Server Address field, type one of the following, then click Connect. Faculty & Staff: Type smb://datastore/profile/CoyoteID In the Name: field, type one of the following: Faculty & Staff: Type (without the brackets) CSUSB\[campus coyote ID Type your campus password into the Password: field, then click OK. Your network drives should now open and show you the folders and documents contained within. It should also now be mounted on your Desktop and on the sidebar of your Folder window. Disconnect To disconnect from the VPN service, single left-click the VPN client icon in the top right corner and choose Disconnect. , Instructions for Windows Complete a TNS Work Oder Navigate to Submit a TNS Work Order. Next, fill in the request information. (This will be the requestor). NOTE: for Service Needed, Select the VPN option Complete the requested details: Select VPN Identify the following: Who needs access. The MPP to review. The system or service. The length of term regarding how long you will need access. Further details regarding this request. Then, select submit to complete this request. (You will receive a confirmation email with the request details). Access Your Files Install GlobalProtect Double click the GlobalProtect Client icon on your desktop, or choose Start >> All Programs >> Palo Alto Networks >> GlobalProtect. The following screen will appear: If the Portal Address field is empty, enter secure.csusb.edu Click the Connect button. Enter CSUSB\campus coyote ID# and password. Click Connect. Click the Accept button to accept the usage agreement. You will now be able to connect to the secure university resources that you have access to. For example, you can access your personal and departmental network files from home. Access Your Files Choose Start >> All Programs >> Remote Desktop Connection. The following screen will appear: NOTE: you will need to know the IP address of the computer station you are attempting to remote into. Select Connect. Enter CSUSB\campus coyote ID# and password. Click Connect. Disconnect To disconnect from the VPN service, right click the VPN client icon in your system tray and choose VPN Disconnect.