https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=946a1fba8f0d7f8f1ba1034f02b09c024d15f5157e Cisco Jabber - Quick Start Guide for Setting up your Cisco Jabber for Windows Cisco Jabber for Windows 11.9 Quick Start Guide Use My Computer for Calls You can tell Cisco Jabber for Windows to send calls to your computer or to your phone. 1. From your hub window, open the Phone Controls drop-down menu. 2. Select your preference. Customize My Client You can access your options and preferences for Cisco Jabber to customize how your client behaves. 1. From the hub window, select Menu > File > Options. 2. Select any tab in the Options menu to make your choices. Set Up My Phone Accessories You can change which microphone and speakers are used by the client when you have at least one phone accessory for call control. You can specify the audio options directly from the Phone Controls icon on the hub window. 1. From a chat window, select the Open audio options icon. 2. Select the speakers and microphone that you want the client to use to send and receive your audio. 3. To open the Audio tab of the Options dialog, select Audio Options. From this tab, you can also test the sound to check that it is working. 4. Select Apply then OK. Forward Calls To avoid missing calls when you are not at your desk, you can forward calls to another phone number. 1. From your hub window, open the Phone Controls drop-down menu. 2. Select Forward Calls To and specify the phone number. Forward Voice Messages You can forward voice messages to other users and groups, and include your own recorded message to send with it. 1. On the Voice Messages tab, select the voice message that you want to forward. 2. Right-click over the message, and select Forward Voice Message. 3. Specify who you want to receive the voice message. 4. To record your own personal message to be played before the voice message, select the Record button then Done when you are finished. 5. Send the voice message. Collaborate With My Contacts When chatting with a contact, you can use controls to: Add them to your contact list Share your screen Start an instant meeting Choose audio options Start a phone call Start a WebEx Meeting Start a WebEx meeting directly from a chat window with another user without having to schedule a meeting in your calendars first. 1. From the chat window, select the More icon. 2. Select Meet Now. Chat Options In a chat you can: Send a screen capture Send a file Mention a user Insert an emoticon Edit the font size and color Add participants to create group chats Show the chat in a new window Collaborate with Groups You can work with the people in your custom groups to apply an action to everyone in it. 1. Right-click over the banner of the custom group name. 2. Select an action from the menu, such as Alert When Available, Start Group Chat, or Send Broadcast Message. Add New Contacts Add people to your contact list by searching for them in your organization. Once they are part of your contact list, you can easily double-click on their names to start a phone call or a chat. 1. In the Search or call bar, start typing the person’s name to search the directory, or enter the username directly if you know it. 2. Select which group to add the new contact to and select Add. If you have any questions please reach out to the Technology Support Center. WARNING – If an emergency 911 call is placed using Jabber on a Windows or MAC computer, your location may not give accurate location data needed by 911. As a result, calls may be misdirected to the wrong emergency response center, or the emergency response center may make errors when determining your location. For data location to be provided immediately, we suggest using a cellular device or any other phone device. If you use your Jabber to dial 9-1-1 on a Windows or Mac device, please provide your exact location to assist emergency personnel.