https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945c3a6a7f49e1d17788a44a22950dbb0aa0709183 Reference Guide for IP Phone CISCO 7821/7841/7861 QUICK START Cisco IP Phone 7821, 7841, and 7861 1 Dial To place a call, pick up the handset and enter a number. Or, try one of these alternatives. Redial the last number Press the Redial softkey to redial on your primary line. To redial on a secondary line, press the line button first. Dial on-hook Enter a number when the phone is idle. Lift the handset or press one of these: a line button, the Call softkey, the headset button, the speakerphone button, or the round Select button in the Navigation bar. Speed dial Enter a speed-dial item number and press the SpeedDial softkey. Or, press the down arrow on the Navigation bar when the phone is idle, then scroll to a speed-dial item and press the round Select button in the Navigation bar. You may also have speed dials assigned to some buttons along the right side of your phone. 2 Answer New call indicators: A flashing amber line button An animated icon and caller ID A flashing red light on your handset To answer the call, lift the handset. Or, press the flashing amber line button, the Answer softkey, or the unlit headset or speakerphone button. Answer with multiple Lines If you are talking on the phone when you get another call, a message appears briefly on the phone screen. Press the flashing amber line button to answer the second call and put the first call on hold automatically. Your phone supports both one call per line or multiple calls per line. Ask your administrator about which option is right for you. 3 Hold Press the Hold button . The hold icon appears and the line button flashes green. To resume a call from hold, press the flashing green line button, Resume or Hold . 4 Transfer From a connected call (not on hold), press the Transfer button . Enter the transfer recipient’s phone number. Press the Transfer button or the Transfer softkey (before or after the recipient answers). The transfer completes. Transfer across lines You can transfer together two calls on two lines without remaining on the call yourself: From a connected call (not on hold), press the Transfer button . Press the line button for the other (held) call. The transfer completes. 5 Conference From a connected call (not on hold), press the Conference button . Make a new call. Press the Conference button or the Conference softkey (before or after the party answers). The conference begins and the phone displays “Conference.” Repeat these steps to add more participants. The conference ends when all participants hang up. Conference across lines You can combine two calls on two lines into a conference. You will be included in the conference. From a connected call (not on hold), press the Conference button . Press the line button for the other (held) call. View and remove participants During a conference, press the Details softkey. To remove a participant from the conference, scroll to the participant and press the Remove softkey. 6 Mute While on a call, press the Mute button . The button glows to indicate that Mute is on. Press Mute again to turn Mute off. Voicemail New message indicators: A solid red light on your handset A stutter dial tone (if available) “New Voicemail” message on the screen Listen to messages Press the Messages button and follow the voice prompts. To check messages for a specific line, press the line button first. Divert Press the Divert softkey when the call is ringing, active, or on hold. Divert redirects an individual call to voicemail (or to another number set up by your system administrator). Forward All To forward calls received on your primary line to another number, press the Fwd All softkey. Enter a phone number or press the Messages button to forward all calls to voicemail. Look for confirmation on your phone screen. To cancel call forwarding, press Fwd OFF. To set up forwarding remotely or on a secondary line, access your User Options web pages. Contact your system administrator for details. 10 Call History View your call history Press the Applications button. Select Call History. (Use the Navigation bar and round Select button to scroll and select.) Select a line to view. Your phone displays the last 150 missed, placed, and received calls. To view details for a call, scroll to the call and press the more softkey, then press Details. To return to your call history, press the Back softkey. To exit the Applications menu, press the Applications button. View your missed calls only View your call history. Press the Missed softkey. View your placed calls only Press the up arrow on the Navigation bar when the phone is idle, with all menus closed. Dial from your call history View your call history, or navigate to your missed or placed calls. Scroll to a listing and lift the handset, or press a line button or the Select button. To edit a number before dialing, press these softkeys: more > EditDial. 11 Directories Press the Contacts button . Select a directory. (Use the Navigation bar and round Select button to scroll and select.) Use your keypad to input search criteria. Press the Submit softkey. To dial, scroll to a listing and press the Dial softkey. Shared Lines If you share a line with your boss, the line button indicates call activity on the shared line: Flashing amber—Incoming call on the shared line. You or your boss can answer the call. Solid red line button—Your boss is talking on the shared line. Flashing red line button —Your boss put a call on hold on the shared line. You or your boss can resume the call. Settings Volume The Volume bar is located to the left of the keypad. To adjust the handset, headset, or speakerphone volume, press the Volume bar when the phone is in use. To adjust the ringer volume, press the Volume bar up or down. To silence the phone when ringing, press the Volume bar down one time (pressing multiple times lowers the ringer volume.) Ringtone Press the Applications button . Select Preferences. (Use the Navigation bar and round Select button to scroll and select.) Select Ringtone. Select a line. Scroll through the list of ringtones and press Play to hear a sample. Press Set and Apply to save a selection. Screen contrast Press the Applications button . Select Preferences. (Use the Navigation bar and round Select button to scroll and select.) Select Contrast. Press the Navigation bar up or down. Press the Save softkey. 14 Navigation Where are my line buttons? Line buttons are located on both sides of the phone screen. Buttons that are not assigned to phone lines can be used for speed-dials and other features. Contact your system administrator for more information. Where are my softkeys? Four softkeys buttons are located below the phone screen. You can press the more softkey (when available) to reveal additional softkeys. How do I scroll in a list or menu? Press up or down on the Select bar. A scroll bar on the screen indicates your relative position within in a list. How do I select an item in a list or menu? With the item highlighted, press the Select button in the middle of the Navigation bar. Or, use your keypad to enter the corresponding item number. How do I exit a menu? To close a menu from any level, press the corresponding feature button. To go back one level in a menu, press the Exit or Back softkey. 15 Tips How can I keep track of multiple calls? Line button colors indicate call states and can help you stay oriented when handling multiple calls: Ringing call—Flashing amber Connected call—Solid green Held call—Flashing green Shared line in-use remotely—Solid red Shared line on hold remotely—Flashing red What is the best way to use my headset? If you handle a lot of calls and wear a headset, try keeping the headset button lit and using softkeys to go on- and off-hook. With the headset button lit, your headset serves as the primary audio path (instead of the speakerphone). What does the Swap softkey do? Swap allows you to toggle between calls and consult privately with each party before completing a transfer or conference. How do I set up my speed dials? To set up speed-dials and customize a variety of features and settings for your phone, use a web browser on your computer to access your Cisco Unified CM User Options web pages. Contact your system administrator for the URL and more information. Where can I find a complete User Guide? http://www.cisco.com/en/US/products/ps13220/produ cts_user_guide_list.html Cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive San Jose, CA 95134-1706 USA http://www.cisco.com Tel: 408 526-4000 800 553-NETS (6387) Fax: 408 527-0883 Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. To view a list of Cisco trademarks, go to this URL: www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. (1110R) © 2013 Cisco Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.