https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=94a5f7330b3269df11147b4f80ae2c88fca8e69a15 Getting started with Zoom AI Companion Zoom AI Companion, your generative – AI digital assistant delivers powerful, real-time capabilities to help users improve productivity and work together more effectively. Zoom AI Companion is a new feature within the Zoom platform which can be used during your hosted Zoom meetings. This new feature generates and organizes ideas in seconds by allowing translations and transcriptions to be available in real-time. Note: To use Zoom AI Companion, the user must enable the AI Companion feature in the User Profile > Settings page > AI Companion tab. Main Menu Once you enable the AI Companion feature, it will appear on your Zoom Menu page. Activating AI Companion To start using AI Companion, the host must launch the Zoom Meeting and click on the "AI Companion" sparkle icon located in the meetings control toolbar. If the host has not clicked on the icon, participants may also request for the host to enable this feature by clicking on the “AI Companion” sparkle icon in the meetings control toolbar. A message from the participant will appear on the host’s screen requesting for the host to start the AI Companion. The host must click “Start” to continue. Once the host clicks the start button, a message will pop up on the host’s screen confirming that AI Companion is on. The AI Companion Panel will open on the right-hand side of the screen. Click “Start” to analyze meeting conversations. Once a participant has joined the meeting, AI Companion allows participants to ask questions, get caught up on meetings if they join late, or see any action items as they come up. As a host As a participant Control who can access AI Companion Questions. Control if participants can ask questions about information covered before they joined. · You can only see your activity with AI Companion. · Questions can only be answered if the content was discussed while AI Companion is active during the meeting. · Allow participants to receive a summary of the meeting once at the end. Meeting Summary with AI Companion Meeting summarization only begins when the host clicks the “Start Summary” icon located in the meetings control toolbar. If the host has not enabled this feature, the participants may click on the “Start Summary" icon to request that the meeting summary be enabled. Once the host clicks on the “Start Summary” icon, a pop up will appear on the host’s screen confirming that “Start Summary” is on. If the If the host has not enabled this feature, a participant may click on the “Start Summary" icon to request to the host that the meeting summary be enabled. Hosts can edit the generated summary. To do this go to your Zoom Menu page. Select the AI Companion tab, from here you will be taken to your “My Summaries” page. You’ll have the option to edit your meeting and see what next steps were discussed in the meeting. Once your meeting summary is ready, you may share it with your attendees. Team Chat Thread Summary Quickly summarize the content of long Team Chat threads. The summary is presented to only the user who generates it/ Whiteboard Content Generator Users can leverage Whiteboard Content Generation with AI Companion that will help improve your Whiteboard experience. With this feature you can generate ideas, refine, and extend existing content, and add objects to a canvas with just one click. To start using the Whiteboard Content Generator feature the host will need to click on the “Whiteboard” icon located in the meetings control toolbar. If the If the host has not enabled this feature, a participant may click on the "Start Summary" icon to request for the host to enable this feature. Click "Start" to continue. Click the AI Companion icon located on the left-hand toolbar. Next, you will have the option to create or open an existing whiteboard. Enter a command in the prompt field (Whiteboard Content Generation with AI Companion) or select from the list of suggested ideas. 4. Right next to the prompt field, expand the drop-down list and enter a more detailed command into the field or select from the list of suggestions. Select a template that will work best for you. Zoom AI Companion Smart Recording Brings the power of your Zoom recording to cloud recordings, allowing you to organize your cloud recording into sections called smart chapters. You can also get key takeaways in a quick and easy format through recording highlights, identifying action items and much more. Note: To use the Smart Recording Zoom AI Companion, the host must enable this feature by going to the Settings tab > AI Companion icon > Meeting. In the Recording section, check all the boxes in the “Create with each recording section”. To start using the Smart Recording feature the host will need to click on the "Record" icon located in the meetings control toolbar. Select the "Smart Recording with AI Companion enabled" option to continue. Click "Got it" to continue. If the host has not turned on this feature, a participant may click on the "Record" icon to send a request to the host to enable this feature. The host will receive the notification and can proceed by pressing "Start" to continue. To generate recording highlights, smart chapters, and next steps, the host must have a cloud recording and audio transcript processed and available to view. The host will receive email notifications when the recording and transcript are finished processing. These emails include links to view your recordings and transcripts. Recording highlights, smart chapters, and next steps can be edited by the owner of the cloud recording (the host) or a user with permission to manage cloud recordings. Coming Soon Using team Chat Compose with AI Companion (not rolled out yet but coming soon) Get messages drafted based on the context of a Team Chat message. Refine tone and length as well as rephrase responses to customize text recommendations. Email Compose (not rolled out yet but coming soon) Get messages drafted from a single prompt. Use the context of an email thread when drafting replies. Refine tone and length as well as rephrase responses to customize text recommendations.