https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9467719e4f47053d426ef943188a1c12515d3f2360 myCoyote - Resetting Your Password If you need to recover and reset your password, you can do so by having a code sent to your recovery email address and/or phone number on file. You can also reset your password by answering your security questions you established when setting up your account. To begin, navigate to the ‘My Account’ webpage by using the following URL: https://www.csusb.edu/my-account. Scroll to the ‘Password Recovery/Reset’ section, then click on the tile for the method in which you’d like to reset your password. Password Recovery using Phone/Email If you would like to receive a secure PIN to recover your password, you will need to begin by providing your personal information, complete a reCAPTCHA verification, and agree to receive text messages to the phone number on file. Provide the information, then click ‘Submit’. Designate if you would like to receive a PIN by phone and/or email, then click ‘Send PIN’. A dialog-box will appear confirming where the PIN will be sent. Click ‘Close’ to proceed. Provide the PIN sent to your email and/or phone, then click ‘Validate’. If you never received the PIN, click ‘Resend PIN’. You will be prompted to create and confirm your new password. Type, then re-type your new password, making sure to include all required elements. Click ‘Reset Password’ to apply your changes. You may now login to your myCoyote portal using your new password. Password Recovery using Security Questions If you choose to recover your password using security questions, you will first be prompted to provide your Coyote ID, and complete a reCAPTCHA verification. Click ‘Submit’ to proceed. Next, you will need to verify your identity by answering a few of your security questions on file. Provide your answers in the spaces provided next to each question, then click ‘Submit’. If you prefer to answer other questions you have on file, click ‘Shuffle Questions’. If you are required to provide two-factor authentication, you will be prompted to validate your DUO credentials. Select a method to authenticate (i.e. mobile push notification, passcode) and validate the request to proceed. To create a new password, type, then re-type your new password in the spaces provided, making sure to include all required elements. Click ‘Submit’ to apply your changes. Your password has been reset, and can be used to login to your myCoyote portal.