https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=948333864f3f14694e83fb4d46bd22b934c39832fc Windows 11 Start Menu – What’s New and What’s Different? What’s New and Different In Windows 11? The first thing you will notice is that the Start Menu is now in the center of the taskbar, rather than on the left. This IT Help Article will instruct you how to move the Start Menu back to the left, if that is your desire. The Windows 11 Start menu is designed to boost productivity, and you can quickly access pinned apps, recommended apps, and files that make it easier to find what you need. The Start menu will use Microsoft 365 and cloud data to display the most recent files regardless of what device or platform you accessed them, which means files you viewed on an iOS or Android device will also show up. At the very top of the Start menu, you have a search bar that you can use to search for files or programs quickly. Like Windows 10, the search bar starts displaying possible search results as soon as you start typing. You can also sort between Documents, Apps, Web results, and other matched results. The Pinned apps section is a collection of your preferred frequent apps, and you can easily pin an app for quick access. Windows 11 users can use the All apps button to browse through all the programs installed on your Windows 11, and unlike previous versions of the Start menu, you do not have to scroll through a huge list looking for the program you need. The Start menu in Windows 11 will no longer have named groups and app folders. Microsoft has also announced that the current Start menu layout is not adjustable, and it will continue to take up a significant chunk of your screen. Moreover, Windows 11 will not transfer pinned sites and apps if you are upgrading from Windows 10. The most significant change is the removal of Live Tiles. As a result, you will no longer be able to view dynamic content from the Start menu. Instead, Widgets in Windows 11 will provide dynamic AI-powered content like weather, news, and more.