https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9480fcf6e8de7638d34384415eaa49d8b5b40cabb8 Apple Device Enrollment for Monterey Setup is guided by CSU San Bernardino, all system security, and basic software will be installed for you, and best of all, the CSUSB Self Service app will be installed to let you add other popular and university licensed software as you wish. YOU WILL NEED A WIRED INTERNET CONNECTION OR WiFi ACCESS. (Note: Eduroam can be used for setup, but will not allow your user account to be created in later steps.) Let’s Get It Started And we are off, like a herd of turtles… Step 1: This the most satisfying part. Unbox that Mac, and slowly remove that protective plastic. Make special note of any Asset tag on the Mac, you will need this number later. Step 2: If available, connect a wired network adapter and turn on your Mac. Step 3: The booting begins with the familiar chime: Step 4: Then the trial of many questions begins. You may be asked to set the country. Here you may have to verify your language. In the Accessibility pane. You can make settings to better suit your preference, or just click “Not Now”. You MUST connect to WiFi if asked. (macOS will keep reminding you if you don’t.) The Mac will prompt that it will begin to configure with Remote Management. Click “Continue.” Here you will be asked to accept the Cal State San Bernardino Acceptable Use Policy. Click “Accept” after reading. This is where all the good stuff happens. Here you will select your Time Zone, the default is Cupertino, CA, if you are on or near campus you can just click “Continue.” Now the Mac will start setting things up for you, connecting to the internet and installing all the basic applications provided by the University. You’ll know you’re close to being done when you see this screen, it will restart when finished. Step 5: Logging in. The first login uses your full CoyoteID to sign you in over the internet. At this point you will be taken to the very familiar Duo MFA screen. You will have to verify your account using your preferred method here. Your account is now being created on the Mac. This is the last step in your user setup. Step 6: Now you it’s time to register your Mac for your School or Division. Please enter all the important things the Mac needs to know to access campus resources and install software. (Make sure to pick the correct College or Division). The “?” will provide tips for filling out each section. … and you’re off! The information you entered will update our inventory and any additional software provided by your techs will install here. Click “Get Started.” And you’re in! Step 7: Log out and you will return to the login screen. Done: You’re all set! Your new Mac is all set up, software installed, and ready to go, you didn’t even need help from your technician. We hope you enjoy your Mac, happy computing!