https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945908b8fbbe6b0497c93149d7a400df8723b2d505 Getting Started with G Suite Sign-in Instructions Login to myCoyote: Select the Collaborate Tile Select Google Groups for Employees Tile or Google Groups for Students Tile (use the links provided if you do not see your Tile within myCoyote) Select 'My Groups' Select the 'Manage' link under the Group you wish to manage. This will take you to the list of members and the assorted options. Also see additional sign-in instructions Create a group & choose group settings You can use Google Groups to create an online group for your team, organization, class, or other group to do things like: Email each other Organize meetings Find people with similar hobbies or interests You can also change your group's type, name, description, and choose who can join, post, and view topics. Request a Mailing List Mailing lists are handled by Google Groups. Please note that a mailing list is not a distribution list. For information on distribution lists refer to the “Request a Distribution List” article. Like a distribution list, a mailing list is an email address that accepts mail and sends it to its members. However, a mailing list gives the owner much more control over who can send to the list, how members subscribe to the list, and a lot of other features. To request a mailing list, contact the Technology Support Center at (909) 537-7677, or click the Open a Support Ticket link. In your request please provide the following information. Name of the list - The full name of the group. Similar to the display name (like Joe Coyote) of your email, this can include spaces. List email address - The email address that will be used for the list (list@groups.csusb.edu). Description (optional) - The information is displayed to potential list members such as the purpose, target audience, etc. Access Level - Sets who can join the list, post messages, view the members list, and read archives. These settings can be customized by the list owner later. Public - Anyone in csusb.edu (or any specially-requested external email addresses) can join, post messages, view the members list, and read the archives. Team - Only managers can invite new members, but anyone in csusb.edu (or any specially-requested external email addresses) can post messages, view the members list, and read the archives. Announcement-only - Only managers can post messages and view the members list, but anyone in csusb.edu can join and read the archives. Restricted - Only managers can invite new members. Only members can post messages, view the members list. And read the archives. Messages to the group do not appear in search results. Owners - Who can make changes to the list and invite new members. Owners are also list members and will get messages sent to the list. This can be changed individually by clicking the 'My groups' link in Google Groups. Add people to your group You can add someone to your group in three ways: Invite someone via email Add someone without getting their approval Approve people who applied to join Set who can view, post, and moderate See more on moderator tasks Take & assign topics You can allow topics and questions to be assigned to people in a Google Group. For example, if a member posts a question, you can assign someone to reply. Approve or block new posts You can turn on message moderation to approve or block messages before they’re sent to the rest of the group. Organize events with a group You can organize events with your group by sharing a calendar, event invitation, or list of group members. Make it easier to find your group & posts You can make your group easier to search for and browse. You can also make it easier to search for posts by labeling them with tags or categories. Delete a group or stop members from posting If you're the group owner, you can delete the group and stop members from posting or viewing topics. Back Right Content Open a Support Ticket Knowledge Base Submit a TNS Work Order Coyote OneCard Contact Us Information Technology Services Emailsupport@csusb.edu Call Main Phone(909) 537-7677 Location:PL-1109 Technology Support Available 24/7/365 Technology Support Center Walk-In Hours Monday - Thursday 7:00 am - 8:00 pm Friday and Saturday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Closed on Sunday Student Resources for Virtual Learning Staff