https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=943d7da4ea0f3c74bf182647c2a41d18608d3c4503 Using the ProofPoint Email Spam Control CSUSB Email Spam Control solution (Proofpoint) Email Spam Control offers the following functionalities: Individual spam preferences: Detection profile, Safe List, Blocked List. Next-generation spam detection. Blocking of malware in emails before they hit your inbox. Prevent sophisticated email “phishing” attacks (Targeted Attack Protection). Access CSUSB Email Spam Control Login to the MyCoyote Portal. Navigate to Email Spam Control Email Spam Control Components Toolbars, panes, views, lists, and links are all components which are provided in the Email Spam Control Web Interface. This section describes each one and how to use them. Initial Homepage – Quarantine ‘Quarantine’ is the default homepage page. The Spam – Quarantined page will be empty initially. The page will fill with quarantined emails should you opt-in to the Quarantine profile. Profile View Profile allows you to change your preferences for: receiving End User Digest email, language, or spam detection behavior. Spam Detection Preferences The system is defaulted to Tag and Pass spam detection. Options include: Tag and Pass (inconclusive email is tagged with a subject of [Spam]). Quarantine (holding any inconclusive emails with regular notifications). Aggressive (delete all spam including inconclusive spam; no quarantine). Safe/Block Lists View Save/Block Lists allow you to view and modify the Safe Senders and Blocked Senders lists. Safe Senders Include only email addresses from which you deem it is always safe to receive messages. Addresses on the Safe Senders Lists will be delivered to your inbox and will not tagged as [Spam] or caught in quarantine. Blocked Senders Include only email addresses you do not wish to receive messages from or that are never safe. Addresses on the Blocked Senders list will be discarded rather than tagged or quarantined. List View Toolbar You can add, change or remove email addresses to and from these lists by using the New, Edit, and Delete buttons on the toolbar. The toolbar is located near at the top of the interface. New Use the New button to add email addresses to one of the lists (Safe Sender\Blocked Senders list). Click the list to which you desire to add an email address entry. Enter the email address in the textbox that appears. Click the Save button. Edit Use the Edit button to make changes to an email address entry. Click the list that contains the email address entry you wish to change. Select the email address entry. Click the Edit button and make the desired changes. Click the Update button to apply the changes. Delete Enables you to remove an Email to from your Safe Senders (or Blocked Senders) List. Select the list from which you wish to remove an email address. Select the desired email. Click the Delete button. Options Allows you to select or unselect all entries in a list, which is helpful if you have a long list and you want to clean it out. If you make changes and wish to update the screen, you can use the Refresh option. If you wish to receive an email containing an updated summary, you can choose the Request Digest option. Quarantine View The Quarantine view displays any suspicious emails that have been quarantined. View and Take Action in the Quarantine Folder The Quarantine folder allows you to safely view the author, subject and content of suspicious emails when you click them using a preview pane. You can use the Quarantine toolbar (Fig. 8) to edit the status of a quarantined email. General Procedure Click the check box next to the quarantined email to select it. Click the button that represents the action you wish to apply to that email. Click the Save button. Quarantine Toolbar Actions Find - search for a quarantined email using a keyword. Report Phish - alert the Email Spam Control server that the sender of the selected email is attempting to 'phish' information from you. Not Spam - alert the Email Spam Control server that an email address is not spam, and is safe to receive. Release - release an email from Quarantine and allow it to go to your Inbox. Delete - delete an-mail from the Quarantine list. Safe list - add an email address to your Safe list. Options - refresh the screen to show latest changes, or request an End User Digest email, or unselect all that is selected, or delete all selected. Request New End User Digest You will automatically receive a daily digest if you have items in quarantine. However, you can manually request a digest at any time. From the Options Action Options > Request Digest From a Previous Digest To manually request a digest from your inbox, open a previous End User Digest email and use the Request New End User Digest link Access Help and More Information for Using Email Spam Control For more information, please contact: CSUSB Technology Support Center online at Support Center or by phone at (909) 537-7767.