https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9467716b57d0e6d61244e14fe5a264d36b2a84998e myCoyote Account Activation If you are a new applicant, new student, or new employee and need to claim your Coyote ID for the first time, you will need to activate your account. To begin, navigate to the ‘My Account’ webpage by using the following URL: https://www.csusb.edu/my-account. Note: ‘My Account’ can also be accessed by clicking on the ‘Account Management’ link from the myCoyote login page. Click on the ‘Account Activation’ tile to begin the activation process. Provide your information on the ‘Account Activation’ page. You will need your Coyote ID number (9-digit number with leading zeros, 00XXXXXXX), first and last name (preferred if you have one on file, otherwise, use your legal name), and full birth date, then click ‘Submit’. Note: The correct formatting must be used for the birth date (mm/dd/yyyy), and all personal information will be validated against what is on file. If any of the information is incorrect, an error message will be displayed. You can correct the information, or follow-up with the ITS-Technology Support Center for further assistance. If you are asked to set up DUO authentication, please refer to this Knowledgebase Article After validating your information, your username (Coyote ID) will be displayed on the screen. Click ‘Next’ to proceed. Next, you will need to complete your security profile, starting off with setting up your security questions. You are required to establish five (5) security questions. Designate which questions you’d like apply by clicking on the pencil icon and choosing a question from the drop-down list, then type and re-type your responses in the spaces provided next to each question. Click ‘Submit’ to apply your changes. Next, you will be prompted to provide a recovery email address and phone number, in case you ever get locked out of your account. The email address you provide cannot be a CSUSB-issued account (ex: cody.coyote@csusb.edu). Finally, you will be asked to reset your password, making sure to include all of the required elements. Type and re-type your password, then select ‘Reset Password’. Once your account has been claimed, you will be redirected to the ‘My Account’ page. Navigate to the myCoyote login page (https://my.csusb.edu) and sign-in to your account using the credentials you just created.