https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9471dc176bdd9486ee62414b2caa1f86131db3244e Next Generation Smart Classroom (NGSC) Start Guide A recorded session covering the use of the NGSC can be viewed here: https://csusb.zoom.us/rec/share/TpRRjTvgjHDbamUj7U110sgMEh8O5zfL8O0VPxtMGMN9U4zK64YSlHcRmnpIOrjA.RMnHNamcOgFyRRmx Always begin by turning on the computer at the podium via selecting the power button. An indicator light indicates when the computer is powered on. 2. Control panels are located at the top left corner of each podium. When not in use, they can be folded flat. Lifting upward reveals the screen, device peripherals and power outlets. 3. Selecting anywhere on the screen will bring up the main menu and turn on the projector. 4. The top buttons select what source is to be output from the projector. a. PC (Default) – Selects the computer in the classroom. b. HDMI – For use when a personal device (Laptop, iPad, Tablet, etc.) are connected via the HDMI cable. c. Air Server – For use with devices that can screen cast to other devices (Smartphones, Macbooks, iPads, Tablets, etc). 5. Under the Projector section, there is a video mute button. Selecting this button turns the lamp of the projector off and will cease projection. a. Button is Red: Projector lamp is on. b. Button is Yellow: Projector lamp is off. 6. The Camera Presets section allows for selection of the various camera views of the camera that is facing the lecturer and the front of the room. Podium – Directs the camera at a speaker standing behind the podium. Wide – Provides a view of the entire front of the room, including the podium and all applicable whiteboards. Left Board – Zooms the camera onto the left whiteboard of the room (where applicable). Right Board – Zooms the camera onto the left whiteboard of the room (where applicable). 7. The main volume section allows for volume adjustment of the classroom mounted speakers. Total speaker volume is represented via the blue bar. 8. Each classroom has a ceiling mounted microphone for use with audio recording. Microphones are located near the front of the classroom and have an LED ring around the device that indicates when the microphone is active and when the microphone is muted. a. Green – Indicates that the microphone is currently active. b. Red – Indicates that the microphone is currently muted. Mute features are controlled via the program that is being used for audio recording, such as Zoom. Selecting the Mute button in Zoom will turn the LED on the microphone Red and show the appropriate logo within Zoom. 9. Once your session has concluded, power down the projector, speakers and microphone via selecting the red power button at the bottom right of the control panel. 10. A prompt will appear, select Power Down.