https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9482d9081d4fded36e9a764062a1c9eac5f362ed3e How do I add requirements to a module? When you add requirements to a module, students must complete the defined requirements within the module before the module will be marked complete. You can require students to complete all requirements in the module, or have them choose one item to fulfill a specific requirement. Note that you cannot add requirements until you have added module items: you can add content items such as assignment types, pages, and files; text headers; external tools; and external URLs. You can choose to allow students to complete requirements in any order, or you can require them to move through the module sequentially. A requirement to move through module items sequentially relates to the order items are listed on the Modules page, not the order displayed in Module Settings. If you have multiple iterations of an module item, you can set different requirements for each item. Module requirements are displayed in the order that they exist as module items. You may need to reorder module items so that the requirements are set correctly. Depending on the module item type, requirements include up to five options: View the item: Students must view the item. Mark as done: Students must mark the assignment or page as done before they can progress to the next item. This option also synchronizes with the student List View Dashboard and completes the item for the student. However, this behavior is only supported when the item with this requirement is located in one module. Adding the same item within multiple modules is not supported. Contribute to the page: Students must post a reply to a non-graded discussion or contribute content to a page (make sure students are allowed to edit pages in the course). Submit the assignment: Students must submit an assignment, post a reply to a graded discussion, or submit a quiz. (Canvas does not allow you to manually enter a grade to fulfill this requirement; a submission must be made by the student.) Score at least: Students must meet a minimum submission score. With this option, an additional field appears where you can enter the minimum score that students must earn. This option is available for all graded assignment types. You can also set up prerequisite modules and require students to complete each module in order. Note: If you choose to set the requirement type as completing only one option, and you want to use it with graded items, please note that all assignments with their current grades are reflected in the Gradebook. For instance, if you want a module to require a student to submit one of three assignments, the two assignments that aren’t submitted still factor into the Gradebook as unsubmitted. You may choose to manually configure the unsubmitted assignments appropriately, either by using the differentiated assignments feature or excusing the assignments in the Gradebook. Open Modules In Course Navigation, click the Modules link. Edit Module Locate the name of the module and click the Options icon . Select the Edit link . Add Requirement Click the Add Requirement link. Set Requirement Type To require students to complete all requirements listed on the Edit Module Requirements page, click the Students must complete all these requirements option . To require students to complete all requirements in sequential order, click the Students must move through requirements in sequential order checkbox . To require students to complete any one of the requirements listed on the Edit Module Requirements page, click the Student must complete one of these requirements option . Note: Each requirement setting only applies to the required items listed . Manage Required Items The requirement setting selected applies to the listed required items. By default, the first item in the module is listed a required item . To select a different module item, click the item dropdown . To manage how the item must be completed, click the completion requirement dropdown . To add additional required items, click the Add requirement link . To remove a required item, click the Remove icon . Notes: If you have chosen to have students complete all requirements and would like them to complete each item in the module, you must add each module item as a requirement. If you have included a content item in the same module multiple times, you can set different requirements for each item Update Module Click the Update Module button. Re-Lock Module If you change module requirements that students have already fulfilled, Canvas will ask if you want to let students progress through the course or re-lock the modules and require students to complete the requirements again. To re-lock the modules, click the Re-Lock Modules button . To allow students to continue without any changes, click the Continue button . View Requirements View the module requirement type and the required items for the module.