https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9484980dbf00cd611d692146d3993e46aaa9239a74 Faculty Center - Incomplete Contract Quick Guide Login to myCoyote. From the myCoyote Portal navigate to the Faculty Center link. Creating an Incomplete Contract through the Class Roster: Select the appropriate Class Roster icon. Note: Once Grade Rosters are available for use, create the Incomplete Contracts through the Grade Roster instead of the Class Roster. In order to produce an Incomplete Contract for a student, the Incomplete Contract column has been added to the class roster. To create an Incomplete Contract, select the Add link for the appropriate student. Enter the Reason Code – select one of the following reasons from the drop down menu. Extenuating Medical Other Enter the Grade Without Further Work – enter the grade to be assigned to the student if no further work is completed. Enter the Deadline for Completion – the date automatically defaults to the 1 year maximum for the completion of work. If the date is less than one year, the date needs to be modified. Enter the Description – the work required to complete the incomplete. Select Apply. Select OK. The Add link will change to Update. This indicates that the incomplete contract has been created. Note: Remind the student to go to his/her myCoyote Student Center to accept the incomplete contract. Otherwise, there will be a hold placed on the student’s record. Creating Incomplete Contracts through the Grade Roster: Select the appropriate Grade Roster icon. If an Incomplete Grade was assigned during the grading process, this will trigger you to add an incomplete contract for the student. Select the Add link. Complete the Incomplete Contract as previously shown for the Class Roster. Note: If the incomplete contract is not added and the Approval Status is set to “Approved”, an error message will instruct you to complete the contract before approval. However, you will need to set the Approval Status back to “Not Reviewed” to add the contract.