https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9465df320e9c05a2fb94b94083b90c07664ef12a5c How to Subscribe and Unsubscribe to a CSUSB Email List, and how to request Mailing and Distribution Lists. Google Groups makes it easy for groups of people—such as project teams, departments, or classmates—to communicate and collaborate. You can send an email to everyone in a group with one address, invite a group to an event, or share documents with a group. Before starting either process: Login to your myCoyote Portal Then, select Collaborate. Next, select Google Groups for Faculty and Staff. SUBSCRIBING: From the Drop-down menu, switch from “My groups” to “All groups and messages” In the search bar, type in the name of the group you would like to subscribe to. For instance, type “forum” and press “enter” Click on the name of the desired group If you are not a member of the group, you will see the following message: Click on “joining the group” and the following will appear: Click the drop-down menu under “Subscription” to choose how you will receive messages from the group. Choose your desired option Click on “Join group” You are now subscribed to the group. UNSUBSCRIBING: Under “My Groups” you will see a list of the groups you are subscribed to. Click on the name of the group you wish to unsubscribe from On the left hand side, click on “My Membership settings” Next to the name of the group, click on “Leave Group” Confirm that you wish to leave the group You are now unsubscribed from the Mailing Group. Request a Distribution List Distribution lists are managed on exchange. Please note that a distribution list is not a mailing list. For more information on mailing lists refer to the Request a mailing list article. A distribution list is a simple way have an email address that gets sent to a select group of exchange users. For example, mailsupport@csusb.edu, is a distribution list that goes to the email support staff so that any of us can answer user questions. To request a distribution list contact the Technology Support Center at (909) 537-7677. In your request please provide the following information. Email address - The email address of the distribution list. Owner - The email address of the person(s) who are responsible for maintaining the recipients. Members - The Coyote ID of each recipient. The recipients must have exchange accounts prior to be being added to a distribution group. Members can always be added/changed at a later date by the owner. Request a Mailing List Mailing lists are handled by Google Groups. Please note that a mailing list is not a distribution list. For information on distribution lists refer to the Request a Distribution List article. Like a distribution list a mailing list is an email address that accepts and sends mail to its members. However, a mailing list gives the owner much more control over who can send to the list, how members subscribe to the list, and a lot of other features. To request a mailing list contact the Technology Support Center at (909) 537-7677, or click the Open a Support Ticket link. In your request please provide the following information. , Name - The full name of the group. Similar to the display name (like Joe Coyote) of your email, this can include spaces. Description (optional) - The information is displayed to potential list members such as the purpose, target audience, etc. Group Email - The email address that will be used for the list (list@groups.csusb.edu). Group Owner(s) - Who can make changes to the list and invite new members. Owners are also list members and will get messages sent to the list. This can be changed individually by clicking the 'My groups' link in Google Groups. Access Type - Sets who can join the list, post messages, view the members list, and read archives. These settings can be customized by the list owner later. Public - Anyone in csusb.edu (or any specially-requested external email addresses) can join, post messages, view the members list, and read the archives. Team - Only managers can invite new members, but anyone in csusb.edu (or any specially-requested external email addresses) can post messages, view the members list, and read the archives. Announcement-only - Only managers can post messages and view the members list, but anyone in csusb.edu can join and read the archives. Restricted - Only managers can invite new members. Only members can post messages, view the members list. And read the archives. Messages to the group do not appear in search results. Allow members outside the organization - If member addresses other than @csusb.edu, including students, are allowed to be members of the group.