https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9454227438b303b818f7954ba89d564b7cf90928a7 Authentication Access Restrictions (Access Blocked) Cal State San Bernardino implements technical measures to deter malicious activity and other violations of policy. There are several reasons the university may restrict access to its network resources. Some examples include: malware attempting to bypass security controls (hacking) violation of university policy violation of California or United States federal law academic dishonesty (cheating) compromised credentials (stolen passwords) copyright violation Some restrictions automatically expire after abusive activity subsides. Others require manual intervention from Information Technology Services (ITS). If you have encountered a block, please contact the ITS Technology Support Center at https://support.csusb.edu or support@csusb.edu or (909) 537-7767 to open an investigation. Seeing an 'Access Blocked' error when attempting to use My Coyote, university email, or other campus resources typically indicates you are visiting from a network location that has demonstrated past abusive behavior. Most often, it is related to VPN use. To restore access: disconnect from your VPN (or removing the offending VPN software) stop using anonymous proxies disable web accelerators, analytics plugins, or other spyware-like technologies You can use this link to see if your IP is classified as a Proxy/VPN address: https://www.ipqualityscore.com/free-ip-lookup-proxy-vpn-test (select the address next to 'Your IP address is:') The 'Access Blocked' page looks similar the following example. If your access continues to be blocked, please proceed to install the Campus Pre-Approved Pulse Secure VPN software. This software will allow you to create a secure connection to our campus network and thereby safely granting you access to your online accounts. To install, please follow the instructions highlighted in our "Setting up Pulse Secure VPN client" KB article linked below: https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=94598cf1df7703c6a160814a51b514fd9964bce0aa