https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=94590867593ec8b3c37a9a4ec68384703665a66c67 E-mail address standardization FAQ Q. Will my current CSUSB e-mail address change? A: No, your current CSUSB e-mail address will not change. However, you will have the option to use an email alias: firstname.lastname@csusb.edu. Q. Will my current CSUSB e-mail address "expire" at some point? A: No, your current CSUSB e-mail address will not expire. User can continue to use their current e-mail address indefinitely, but will have the option to switch to the new alias as their default e-mail. If you wish to switch to the new alias as your default e-mail, please submit a ticket on Support Center. Q. My outgoing e-mails are still coming from my current e-mail address. A: Your current e-mail address is your default e-mail address, and will remain so. Hence, all outgoing messages will be sent from that address. If you wish to switch to the new alias as your default e-mail, please submit a ticket on Support Center. Q: Will this affect my Campus login? A: No, your CSUSB Campus login will remain the same. If you are on the Campus domain, it will be your CoyoteID. Q: Will this affect how I login to the Campus Exchange e-mail system? A: No, your will continue to log in to the Exchagne e-mail system with your CoyoteID. Q: I go by a shortened first name, what will my e-mail alias be? A: Your alias is populated with your official PeopleSoft record, which is likely your legal first and last name. You may check your PeopleSoft record on MyCoyote. (For example, Joe Smith's PeopleSoft record is listed as Joseph Smith. His e-mail alias will be joseph.smith@csusb.edu.) Q: Can I change this alias? A: Users who go by a shortened first name or by their middle name may submit a request to change their e-mail alias, if the alias is not already taken. Please submit a ticket on Support Center. Q: When will this be made available? A: This will be available immediately. If you have problems with using the new e-mail alias, please submit a ticket on Support Center. Q: How will identical or duplicated names be handled? A: Duplicated names will be handled as they are currently, on a case-by-case basis. If you have questions about your alias, please contact the Technology Support Center at support@csusb.edu. Q: How will hyphenated names (or three-part names) be handled? A: Hyphenated names are treated the same as other names. If your last name is hyphenated, your "lastname" field will be hyphenated. If you have questions or problems about your alias, please contact the Technology Support Center at support@csusb.edu. Q: When Departmental e-mail addresses be affected? A: No. Departmental e-mail addresses will not be affected.