https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9459590edf867e2367fdc246f6913133eabc0f8ea2 Requesting Room Resource mailboxes To request a resource mailbox open a ticket or send email to support@csusb.edu. When you request a resource mailbox, you must specify the following: The full name of the building followed by the room number (Social and Behavioral Sciences 209-N) The administrator of the mailbox (IT Support member or Administrative assistant). The CoyoteID of one or more delegates who will process requests for the mailbox. The resource mailbox administrator cannot add delegates, they can only be added by the Support center. You should also consider that users other than the mailbox administrator(s) and delegate(s) will only see free/busy information for the resource mailbox. If you want people to be able to view the contents of the calendar (like they could with public folder “reviewer” access), you should specify users who should have this view-only level of access. Which options and permissions found below that the mailbox should feature. , Resource scheduling options All resource scheduling options are dependent upon if the mailbox is set to automatically process meeting requests and cancellations. Disable Reminders – Lets you turn off reminders for the resource mailbox. This option is probably a good idea, unless someone will be logging into the resource mailbox often to clear the reminders. Maximum number of days – Sets the number of days the resource can be booked in advance. Always decline if end date is beyond limit – If checked, requests trying to book the resource outside the maximum number of days setting (above) will be automatically denied. Limit Meeting Duration – Lets you turn on or off the Maximum allowed minutes setting. Maximum allowed minutes – Type in the maximum time (in minutes) that a resource can be booked for. Allow scheduling only during working hours – Allows or disallows booking the resource during working hours defined in the Calendar Work Week section of the Calendar Options for the resource mailbox. Allow conflicts – Allows the resource to be used by more than one person or event during the same time period. Allow repeating meetings – If checked, allows users to schedule recurring meetings for the resource. Allow conflicts Allow up to this number of individual conflicts – Lets you specify the maximum number of schedule conflicts allowed for a meeting with this resource. If the specified number of attendees or fewer have conflicts with the proposed meeting time, the request will be accepted by the resource. If more attendees than the number specified have conflicts with the proposed meeting time, the resource will decline the request. Conflicts occur when the proposed meeting time is already marked as Busy or Tentative on an attendee's schedule. Allow up to this percentage of individual conflicts – The number in this box is the maximum percentage of schedule conflicts allowed for a meeting with this resource. If the specified percentage of attendees or fewer have conflicts with the proposed meeting time, the meeting will be accepted by the resource. If more attendees than the percentage specified have conflicts with the proposed meeting time, the resource will decline the meeting. Conflicts occur when the proposed meeting time is already marked as Busy or Tentative on an attendee's schedule. , Resource scheduling permissions These settings let you control which users can schedule a resource in various situations. Users who can schedule automatically if the resource is available. If you want specific users to have the ability to automatically add meetings without review of the delegate, please supply CoyoteIDs for each user. Users who can schedule automatically if the resource is available and submit a request for manual approval if the resource is unavailable. This is typically configured in an all or certain group manner. If a group is desired, please supply the name of the existing Active Directory security group or provide a logically identifiable group name and a list of CoyoteIDs to have a new group created. , Resource privacy options Resource privacy options control what information is included in requests and cancellations sent to the resource mailbox. These options affect only the items in the resource calendar, not in the calendars of other attendees. Always add organizer name to meeting subject – Check to include meeting organizer's name in the meeting subject. Always remove the private flag on an accepted meeting – Check to mark private meeting requests as public so that the resource schedule can be viewed by other people. Include detailed information about conflicting meetings in response – Check so that when meeting requests are declined, details about the conflicting appointment will be sent to the organizer. Include organizer's name in conflict information – Check so that when meeting requests are declined, the name of the conflicting appointment’s organizer will be sent to the organizer along with details about the conflicting appointment. This check box is available only if Include detailed information about conflicting meetings in response (above) is checked.