https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=943d7d4eb5c79ff76597994007bf44e7a89e326bbe How to Clear Web Browser's Cache, Cookies, and History Clearing your web browser's cache, cookies, and history may remove data such as the following: Saved passwords Address bar predictions Shopping cart contents, etc. While you should clear your web browser's cache, cookies, and history periodically in order to prevent or resolve performance problems, you may wish to record some of your saved information first. Mobile browsers Android The steps to clear your cache, cookies, and history may differ depending on the model of your Android device and your preferred browser. However, you should be able to clear your cache and data from your application management settings menu: Go to Settings and choose Apps or Application Manager. Swipe to the All tab. In the list of installed apps, find and tap your web browser. Tap Clear Data and then Clear Cache. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Chrome for Android Tap Chrome menu > Settings. Tap (Advanced) Privacy. From the "Time Range" drop-down menu, select All Time. Check Cookies and Site data and Cached Images and Files. Tap Clear data. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Safari for iOS Open your Settings app. Tap Safari. Tap Clear History and Website Data and confirm. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Chrome for iOS Tap Chrome menu > Settings. Tap Privacy. Tap Clear Browsing Data. Choose the data type you want to clear. Tap Clear Browsing Data. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Desktop Browsers Chrome In the browser bar, copy & paste or enter: chrome://settings/clearBrowserData At the top of the Clear browsing data window, click Advanced. Select the following: Browsing history Download history Cookies and other site data Cached images and files From the "Time range" drop-down menu, you can choose the period of time for which you want to clear cached information. To clear your entire cache, select All time. Click CLEAR DATA. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. FireFox From the History menu, select Clear Recent History. If the menu bar is hidden, press Alt to make it visible. From the Time range to clear: drop-down menu, select the desired range; to clear your entire cache, select Everything. Next to "Details", click the down arrow to choose which elements of the history to clear; to clear your entire cache, select all items. Click Clear Now. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Microsoft Edge In the top right, click the Hub icon (looks like star with three horizontal lines). Click the History icon (looks like a clock), and then select Clear all history. Select Browsing history, then Cookies and saved website data, and then Cached data and files. Click Clear. After the "All Clear!" message appears, exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Internet Explorer 11 Select Tools > Safety > Delete browsing history.... If the menu bar is hidden, press Alt to make it visible. Deselect Preserve Favorites website data, and select: Temporary Internet files or Temporary Internet files and website files Cookies or Cookies and website data History Click Delete. You will see a confirmation at the bottom of the window when the process is complete. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Opera From the Opera menu, select Settings, then Privacy & Security, and then Clear browsing data.... In the dialog box that opens, from the "Obliterate the following items from:" drop-down menu, select The beginning of time. Select the following: Browsing history Download history Cookies and other site data Cached images and files Click Delete. Exit/quit all browser windows and re-open the browser. Opera 9 & 10 Click on Tools > Delete Private Data.... Safari 10.0.1+ (Mac) Click on Safari and then on Preferences. Select Privacy and then click Manage Website Data. Select Remove All and then in the small popup, selection Remove Now. Safari 8 From the Safari menu, select Clear History and Website Data.... Select the desired time range, and then click Clear History. Go to Safari > Quit Safari or press Command-Q to exit the browser completely. Safari 7 and below From the Safari menu, select Reset Safari.... Select the items you want to reset, and then click Reset. As of Safari 5.1, Remove all website data includes both cookies and cache. Go to Safari > Quit Safari or press Command-Q to exit the browser completely. Troubleshooting alternatives If you need to clear your cache, cookies, and history for troubleshooting purposes, but aren't yet prepared to lose the content listed above, you may wish to consider using a private browsing window in your preferred browser as a temporary solution. For instructions, see: Private Browsing (Firefox) Browse in private with Incognito mode (Chrome desktop and Android) Browse InPrivate in Microsoft Edge Browse privately (Safari) Turn Private Browsing on or off on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch