https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945d9bccd3dc558f23606941bf811ea69dc033e188 Adobe License Please follow the instructions below to enable access to Creative Cloud Desktop Apps on your personal device. This procedure is for faculty and staff only Please note: before you follow the steps below, uninstall any and all adobe software installed on your computer. Visit Adobe Creative Cloud Download page and click on the button labeled "Download Creative Cloud." This will download the Creative_Cloud_Set-Up.exe installer file. Launch the installer file to install the creative cloud app. When prompted for an email address, enter in the format "COYOTEIDNUMBER@csusb.edu" For instance, if your Coyote ID number is 001234567, then enter 001234567@csusb.edu If prompted, select Company or School Account and then enter your password. Or provide your credentials in your school’s login screen. You will be directed to the myCoyote Login page. Login with your id number and password Install the Creative Cloud App located under "Quick Links" From the Creative Cloud website, browse for and download your desired app. Click Apps on the top of the page to view all apps. 5. After you have installed the software, you will need to open the Adobe Creative Cloud App 6. On a Windows PC, the icon appears this way: 7. For MacOS, this icon appears on the right on your menu bar 8. Once you have installed the Adobe apps you desire, you will need to log in again. Login with the same credentials before (email address and password) and be sure to choose "company or school account" if prompted. For more information on how to download or install apps, see Download and Install Creative Cloud apps. For Higher Education students to continue developing skills, Adobe offers free “Daily Creative Challenges”. These are guided projects where participants receive creative prompts and connect with pros, mentors, and other students for feedback and support. Click on the app name to learn more: Photoshop, XD and Illustrator. Also, for inspiration and over-the-shoulder learning, watch pros share their creative process on Adobe Live daily at www.behance.net/adobelive. For faculty seeking to engage students during campus closures, Adobe has curated resources to help them discover inspiring projects, best practices, and new ideas so they can continue to drive valuable learning in virtual environments. For more information on Adobe’s distance learning resources please click here. Please visit this HelpX page if you have questions. Thank You