https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=943d7d3e21e1cdf63cd9ed4594933fda10e51c2165 How to Disable Pop-up Blockers OR add a Trusted Site Google Chrome In Chrome, a small icon with a red X will appear next to the Favorite star in the upper right corner of the address bar to indicate a pop-up has been blocked. To accept the blocked pop-up, click the link shown to proceed anyway, or select Always allow pop-ups from this page, then click Done. Disable pop-up blocker or add an exception Click the More menu button in the top right hand corner. Select Settings. Click Advanced link toward the bottom of the Settings window. Scroll down to Privacy and Security, then click Content settings. Scroll down to Popups, then choose one of the following actions: Toggle Blocked (recommended) to off to disable pop-up blocking. Click Add below allow to add a trusted site. Type [*.]csusb.edu Click Done. Chrome may be using Internet Explorer's Trusted Site settings. If the below does not work for Chrome, attempt to add the trusted site by navigating to Settings > Network > Change proxy settings. Then, following the instructions to add a trusted site in Internet Explorer. Mozilla FireFox In Firefox, a ribbon will appear toward the top of the browser window to indicate a pop-up has been blocked. To accept the blocked pop-up: Click the Options button to the right. Then select Allow pop-ups for this site or click Show [URL] to simply override the block. To disable the pop-up blocker: Click the Firefox menu in the upper-right corner. Select Options or Preferences under the gear icon. Click Privacy & Security. Uncheck Block pop-up windows. Add trusted site in Firefox: Click Exceptions. Type [*.]csusb.edu Click Allow to add site to Allowed Sites. Click Save Changes. Apple Safari Note: Safari doesn't have a Trusted Sites setting at this time. Click the Safari menu at the top left of the screen. Select Preferences. Click the Security tab. Uncheck Block pop-up windows under Web content. Internet Explorer Click the Tools button. Select Internet options. Allow pop-ups in Internet Explorer Click the Privacy tab. Uncheck Turn on Pop-up Blocker under Pop-up Blocker. Click OK. Add trusted site in Internet Explorer Select the Security tab. Select Trusted sites under Select a zone to view or change security settings. Click Sites. Type [*.]csusb.edu Click Add. Microsoft Edge Note: Edge doesn't have a Trusted Sites setting at this time. Click More button. Select Settings. Scroll down to Advanced settings. Click View Advanced [*.]csusb.edu. Switch Block pop-ups to Off. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact the Technology Support Center at (909)537-7677 or at Support@csusb.edu.