https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=943d7d9066a1be04a25d404cb787d87b93cc5db909 GlobalProtect Portal Please be mindful of the following, The user will need to uninstall Pulse Secure from their computer. GlobalProtect does NOT drop you into a VLAN when connecting like Pulse did. Any authenticated user will be able to connect to the GP. Duo use is based on their roles and there is no further steps to complete. All users will be using a non-routable IP address from a pool. The initial connection will grant them access to connect to servers that are "open to the campus". IF they need specific access (like RDP to their desktop), we will need a WO requesting said access from the vpn to whatever resource they need. To connect to GlobalProtect, the user begins by Submitting a TNS Work Order (See how to below). Complete a TNS Work Oder Navigate to Submit a TNS Work Order. Next, fill in the request information. (This will be the requestor). NOTE: for Service Needed, Select the VPN option Complete the requested details: Select VPN Identify the following: Who needs access. The MPP to review. The system or service. The length of term regarding how long you will need access. Further details regarding this request. Then, select submit to complete this request. (You will receive a confirmation email with the request details). Login, Install and Connect to GlobalProtect by completing the steps below Login Navigate to https://secure.csusb.edu where you will begin the download process. Once the login page displays, Enter your Coyote ID number and password, then select log in. Install To install the client, Once you have logged in via the portal. Select GlobalProtect Agent at the top left of the website. 3. Then with your device, depending on the device type select the blue link to begin the download for GP. 3. Once the download file is complete, the Welcome to the GlobalProtect Setup Wizard installer will start. Connect Sortly after, a compact Window will display labled GlobalProtect. Enter your CoyoteID@csusb.edu and select enable. As a result If connected, you will be able to RDP to your workstation. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact the Technology Support Center at (909)537-7677 or at Support@csusb.edu