https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945fe27beae82972995e894e87a40ffb5dfa36d0bf Microsoft Teams Live Events How to download the Teams Desktop Client Sign in to the Office365 Portal Enter your email address in the following format: CoyoteID@csusb.edu, (Ex. 001234567@csusb.edu) Point your web browser to the Microsoft Teams Download Page Click on the Appropriate Icon: If you choose “Download for Desktop” you will then need to click on the Download Teams Icon Once you’ve done this, you’ll be asked to download an executable file that will install Microsoft Teams onto your desktop Choosing “Download for mobile” will prompt you to enter your mobile phone number. At which point a link will be sent to your mobile device so that the app can be installed Setting up a Microsoft Teams Live Event: Launch the Teams desktop client, and click Calendar from the left side panel In the Calendar window, press the arrow next to “New Meeting” and select Live Event. Next you will want to give your Live Event a Title, location, Start and End time, and give details about the event. Here you can also invite presenters by typing in their emails. After you add an individual, you can choose to make them a presenter or organizer. Presenter will not have any control over what is being shown live during the event. If you make an individual an organizer, they will be in control over what content is being broadcasted live. Once you have checked all of these settings, press next. Here you can choose who you want to share your live event with People and Groups: Choose specific individuals who will view this event. Org-Wide: Anyone in the organization can view the event. They will be required to sign into their Teams account. Public: Anyone who has access to the link will be able to view the event. They will not be required to sign into their teams account. Below you can choose how your live event will be produced. It can be done through either teams or another third party app If using teams, here you can choose if you want to make the recording available to attendees, closed captions, or Q&A Next hit schedule you are now setup and ready to go! Producing a Teams Live Event: To start a Teams Live Event, go to your calendar find the Live Event you would like to start and select it. Another window will open and you will click join. You will now see the producer view for your Live event. It is comprised of three major areas. Queue: This is where you will prepare for what content you will send live. Only the producer can see this window and allows for you to make any changes. Below the queue window, there are two smaller boxes. This allows you to send either a single source, or content and a panelist video simultaneously. Live Event: This is the content that is being sent live and the attendees can see. Content: At the bottom of the screen, is where you manage your content. Here you will see your presenter’s videos, and any other content that is being shared. In the top right you have your toolbar where you can: monitor the health and performance of the meeting Manage the Q&A Make meeting notes Manage the chat box Invite more participants Check your audio and video settings Live event roles: Producers: Producers are the ones who have control over all aspects of the Live Event. The producer interface is very complex and the number of producers for each event should be limited so as not to cause any confusion. Producers can: Select both video and other content to be sent live Can mute presenters or producers Chat with other presenters and producers Manage the Q&A For more information on the capabilities of a Producer Presenters can: Show their video and audio as well as share other content. Mute other presenters (cannot mute producers) Chat with the producers and other presenters Moderate the Q&A For more information on the capabilities of a Presenter