https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9459595e0da56e9e0518694140865db5d3044dbaef Safe Cyber Practices It's a scary cyber world out there, isn't it? But you can protect yourself by adhering to basic cyber security practices. These practices, while a little inconvenient, provide big protection. Create strong and unique passphrases for every account Minimum length is 15 characters and includes: lower and upper case letters, numbers, and special characters Use random words. e.g. "CuddlePudding18Don't" Use a password manager to easily enable and manage unique passphrases for each account Turn on auto updates Use antivirus, anti-spyware, and firewall software for protection Scan and remove potential threats weekly Communications from unknown or unexpected senders Unexpected links or attachments Emails that sound too good to be true (probably are) Emails and web sites with an urgent tone Keep computers, devices and phones up-to-date and protected Turn on auto updates Use antivirus, anti-spyware, and firewall software for protection Scan and remove potential threats weekly Think before clicking links to avoid identity theft. Be wary of: Communications from unknown or unexpected senders Unexpected links or attachments Emails that sound too good to be true (probably are) Emails and web sites with an urgent tone Safeguard your online identity by not oversharing Don't announce vacation plans before you go Don't post vacation pictures until you return home Understand and control your privacy settings to prevent oversharing Turn off location tagging and GPS embedded in photos Be savvy about all public Wi-Fi transactions Avoid bank or shopping transactions Confirm transactions are done with enabled security "https://" Avoid checking email or other personal activities Faithfully review your statements Unfamiliar activity will show up on a compromised account Immediately contact your financial institution or vendor if suspicious activity is discovered Report incidents of hacking to FTC & State Attorney General Recover Quicker There are no guarantees you won't become a victim. But you can limit the damage and recover quicker by being knowledgeable and employing safe cyber practices. Personal Security Checklist Click here to go back to Effective Practices. To learn more go to: StaySafeOnline.org Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Calif. Dept. of Justice, Office of Attorney General Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Crime Complaint Center (IC3) For more about phishing go to: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Anti-Phishing Work Group Organization Homeland Security - OnGuard Online