https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9458f0929dc06b462ad3304798bde9bc59598b11a9 Using VPN with two-step authentication To Promote stronger authentication for remote access into sensitive networks, some accounts need to use the Duo profile which allows for two-step/two-factor authentication. First Time Setup Use a web browser to access https://vpn.csusb.edu/duo and logon using Coyote ID and Password. You'll then be prompted to register (or add) a new device Follow the procedures given to add a phone or tablet device. If you're using the Pulse client with Duo, skip down to 'Subsequent Logins - Option: Pulse Secure' below. Subsequent Logins - Option: GlobalProtect If you're using the GlobalProtect VPN client, if you have not installed it yet, see this KB article. Run the GlobalProtect client (current version may look different) and configure the Portal as: secure.csusb.edu Your username will be your Coyote ID (unless you were provided a different ID). Enter your password. Click Connect. When prompted for a secondary factor, in most cases you will enter the word "push" then click OK. A full list of options you can enter for the secondary factor is listed under https://guide.duo.com/pulse (optional) To use a passcode, rather than a push notification, for step 6 load the Duo app on your device and click the 'key' icon. Enter that number as the secondary factor. Subsequent Logins - Option: Pulse Secure (do not use unless directed to do so) Once fully-authenticated to the Pulse VPN portal (top of this page), install the Pulse Secure client. Install the Pulse Secure client: Try using the Start button to the right of Pulse Secure If that fails, use one of the options listed under Try to manually install Pulse Secure 3. Add a new connection to Pulse with the + sign 4. Give the connection a name and specify the server URL: https://vpn.csusb.edu/duo Click 'Add' 5. Once you've added the profile, click 'Connect' 6. Enter your Coyote ID and password: 7. In most cases, the 'Secondary Password' is the word 'push'. 8. A full list of options you can enter at the 'Secondary Password' box is listed under https://guide.duo.com/pulse 9. (optional) To use a passcode, rather than a push notification, for step 5 load the Duo app on your device and click the 'key' icon. Enter that number as the 'Secondary Password'. Click here to go back to Effective Practices. Return to Knowledge Base