https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=943d79790b597471807e5c4aae98f8b02a7437db3c Coyote One Card Replacement All Student Coyote ID card replacements cost a fee of $10.00. Please be sure to check the lost & found in the Technology Support Center (PL-1109) before purchasing a replacement. For detailed information regarding all university functions of the Coyote OneCard please visit the Coyote OneCard Website. Payments are available via the following methods: In person: Student Financial Services Office (UH-034) Online: Through the MyCoyote portal How to pay in person: Simply visit the Student Financial Services office in UH-034 and request to pay for your OneCard replacement. Bring the receipt back upon your next visit to the Technology Support Center to obtain your new OneCard. View the hours and contact information of the Student Financial Services office by visiting the Student Financial Services Website Here. How to pay online: 1. Begin by visiting the My Financials Page of your MyCoyote, and selecting the "Make a Payment" tile. 2. You will be taken to a disclaimer page, once you have read the terms, select "Next". 3. Select the "Make Payment" button from the toolbar on the left. 4. From the available items page, select the option at the bottom to "View all Items". 5. Select the tile for "Replacement Coyote OneCard". 6. A payment pane will appear, select the "Add to Payment" button. 7. A confirmation screen will appear, where you have the option to add other payment items, or continue. To simply pay for just this replacement, select "Pay Now". 8. Your selected payment items will be shown. Scroll down to the bottom of the screen and select the "Continue" button. 9. The payment selection page allows you to enter your payment information. Selecting the drop down menu will provide all previously saved payment information on file with Student Financial Services. Alternatively, you may add a new payment method here as well. Once you have selected the appropriate payment method, select continue. 10. An receipt will be emailed to your University Email address. This will be required when requesting a replacement OneCard or new/replacement Badge. Please contact the Technology Support Center if you have any further questions, thank you. Email: Support@csusb.edu Phone: (909) 537-7677