https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=9467416814d9708df7d519401089578481b70a5b0f Clearing Cache and Cookies in Firefox on iPhone/iPad Clear Firefox's entire Cache, Cookies & History These steps will show you how to clear your entire browsing history, cache and collection of cookies for Firefox on iPhone/iPad. it will delete the data as far back in time as possible. You can choose which types of data to keep and to delete. Tap the Firefox Menu button Open the Firefox Menu by tapping the button in the bottom-right corner; it looks like three horizontal lines on top of each other. This will show the Firefox menu; it contains many items which let you perform certain tasks or change the way Firefox operates. Tap "Settings" This will bring up a menu that contains many options which control how Firefox operates. Tap "Data Management" The Settings window has a number of sections, each with many items. Scroll down to the "Privacy" section, then find & tap the Data Management item. It will be in the middle of the Privacy section. Choose what you want to clear from Firefox As you browse the internet, Firefox keeps different types of data related to your activity. It's not necessary to completely clear all your browsing data in Firefox; for example, it's possible to choose to only delete the cache, or just the History (list of URLs), or just the Cookies, and so on. In the Clear Private Data section you will see a number of controls to select which types of data Firefox will clear. You can choose which ones to clear by sliding the various controls to the right to mark them to be deleted. Here's what each option means and what will be deleted if you enable the blue switches: Data type Description Browsing History The list of URLs that you have visited. Cache Temporary copies of things from websites (images, sounds etc); these help websites to load faster the second time you view them. Cookies Cookies are little bits of data which help websites remember you. Offline Web Site Data Some websites can save copies of themselves to your phone (if you let them) so that they still work when you don't have an internet connection. Tracking Protection Site specific tracking protection settings (eg. if you have allowed/disallowed something for a particular site). Downloaded Files Firefox can save files from websites you visit (PDFs, etc). Once you have made your selection of what to delete from Firefox, proceed to the next step. Tap "Clear Private Data" Now that you have chosen what Firefox should keep and what is should delete, tap the Clear Private Data button at the bottom of the screen to tell Firefox to go ahead and delete it. This will delete the data as far back in time as possible. If you only want to delete recent history (eg. Today's browsing data) or delete just a specific URL from your history, please follow our instructions for clearing recent history in Firefox instead. Once you're ready, tap Clear Private Data at the bottom of the screen. Confirm your decision Once you have tapped the Clear Private Data button, Firefox will prompt you to confirm that you really want to clear the data you have selected. If you need to change your selection or have changed your mind, tap Cancel. If you really do want to clear the selected data types, tap OK to confirm and proceed. Firefox will then clear the selected data from your iPhone/iPad. Close the Settings screen Now that Firefox has cleared the data you chose, you can tap the Back button (in the top left) of the screen to exit the Data Management screen. Then tap Done (in the top right) and Firefox will return you to where you left off browsing the internet. Congratulations, you have just cleared your browsing data. Clear Recent History If instead of clearing all your browsing history, you only want to remove recently visited sites from Firefox's history, follow these steps. Tap the Firefox Menu button Open the Firefox Menu by tapping the button in the bottom-right corner; it looks like three horizontal lines on top of each other. This will show the Firefox menu; it contains many options. Tap "Your Library" On the Firefox Menu, you'll see the Your Library item; tap on it to open your library of visited sites. This will show the Firefox menu; it contains many options. Tap "Clear Recent History..." Choose the time-frame you want to clear You have chosen to only clear your recent history; Firefox now prompts you how far back in time it should clear your browsing data. You can delete The Last Hour, Today and Today and Yesterday. Make your selection or tap Cancel to back out. When you make a choice, Firefox will clear your browsing history, cookies and other browsing data collected during that time frame. Slide the History screen down to close Now that you've cleared your recent history in Firefox, simply slide the History screen down and you will return to the site you were originally browsing. Clear an individual site from your browsing history If you want to remove a single URL from your browsing history in Firefox on iPhone, follow these steps. Tap the Firefox Menu button Open the Firefox Menu by tapping the button in the bottom-right corner; it looks like three horizontal lines on top of each other. This will show the Firefox menu; it contains many options. Tap "Your Library" On the Firefox Menu, you'll see the Your Library item; tap on it to open your library of visited sites. This will show the Firefox menu; it contains many options. Find the URL/Site to clear in your history You'll see a list of all the sites you've visited recently, as shown in the example screenshot below. Items are shown in chronological order, with newer items near the top. Find the item in your history you want to delete. If you don't see it, scroll the list of sites down until you do see it. Tap and hold on the URL/Site to clear Once you've found the item to delete, tap and hold on it; Firefox will pop up a screen which lets you do several things with this URL. Tap "Delete from History" On the screen for that URL which has popped up, you'll see the option Delete from History. If you really want to remove it from your history, then tap Delete from History. If there are other pages you want to clear from your history as well, then tap and hold on those items to, to get the same interface. Slide the History screen down to close Now that you've cleared items from your history in Firefox, simply slide the History screen down and you will return to the site you were originally browsing.