https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=947295f451c145988a983f4cd0a5e34c023a82c4e7 MyCoyote Account Re-Activation Beginning on June 01, 2021, students, staff and faculty will see one of two warning screens when trying to log in to the MyCoyote portal. If you activated your account prior to October 1, 2020, you will see the following screen: Note that any customer who activated their account after January 01, 2021 will not be required to activate their account. Instead, you will see an error message that your account is already activated. If you see this error, then you have completed the process and you will not need to reactivate your account or change your password. For students, staff and faculty who activated their accounts between October 01, 2020 and December 31, 2020, you will be prompted to change your password: For those student, staff and faculty who need to re-activate, there are two options. Option 1 – highly recommended Please click on the button labeled “Re-activate Account” and follow the steps below to Re-activate your account. Option 2 Students, staff and faculty have the option to delay Re-activation for a limited time. Customers will be required to re-activate according to the timeline below. For security reasons, it is highly recommended that customers re-activate immediately, rather than wait. An implementation schedule, along with hard deadlines, is below. How to Re-activate your MyCoyote Account: Students staff and faculty who see the Account Re-Activation Notice can click on the “Re-Activate Account” button on the notice. Alternately, accounts can be reactivated on the CSUSB My Account Page To activate, click on the tile labeled “Account Activation” Provide your information on the ‘Account Activation’ page. You will need your Coyote ID number (9-digit number with leading zeros, 00XXXXXXX), first and last name (preferred if you have one on file, otherwise, use your legal name), and full birth date, then click ‘Submit’. Note: The correct formatting must be used for the birth date (mm/dd/yyyy), and all personal information will be validated against what is on file. If any of the information is incorrect, an error message will be displayed. You can correct the information, or follow-up with the ITS-Technology Support Center for further assistance. After validating your information, your username (Coyote ID) will be displayed on the screen. Click ‘Next’ to proceed. Next, you will need to complete your security profile, starting off with setting up your security questions. You are required to establish five (5) security questions. Designate which questions you’d like apply by clicking on the pencil icon and choosing a question from the drop-down list, then type and re-type your responses in the spaces provided next to each question. Click ‘Submit’ to apply your changes. Next, you will be prompted to provide a recovery email address and phone number, in case you ever get locked out of your account. The email address you provide cannot be a CSUSB-issued account (ex: cody.coyote@csusb.edu). Finally, you will be asked to reset your password, making sure to include all of the required elements. Type and re-type your password, then select ‘Reset Password’. Once your account has been claimed, you will be redirected to the ‘My Account’ page. Navigate to the MyCoyote login page and sign-in to your account using the credentials you just created. How to Change your password: For students, staff and faculty who need to change their password, follow the procedures below: From the warning screen, press “Update Now” Alternately, point your browser to the Account Management Page Choose one of the password reset options: Using Phone/Email Using Security Questions Password Recovery using Phone/Email Click on the tile labeled “Password Recovery using Phone/Email” Enter your information, click on the checkbox, and press submit Select the desired option Enter Pin and press “Validate” Create and confirm new password, and press “reset password” be sure to follow all password rules Length: Minimum 12 Length: Maximum 128 Letters: Minimum 2 Requires mixed case Yes Letters: Minimum upper case 1 Letters: Minimum lower case 1 Numbers: Minimum 1 Special characters: Minimum 1 Cannot contain Coyote ID Yes Password Recovery using security questions Click on the tile labeled “Password Recovery using Security Questions” Enter your information, click on the checkbox, and press submit Enter your ID number and press submit Answer security questions and press submit If you are asked to authenticate via DUO, do so, if you do not see a DUO prompt, proceed to the next step Create and confirm new password, and press “reset password” be sure to follow all password rules Length: Minimum 12 Length: Maximum 128 Letters: Minimum 2 Requires mixed case Yes Letters: Minimum upper case 1 Letters: Minimum lower case 1 Numbers: Minimum 1 Special characters: Minimum 1 Cannot contain Coyote ID Yes Frequently Asked Questions: Q: Will my CoyoteID change? A: No, your CoyoteID will remain the same. Q: Will I need to select a new passphrase/password? A: Yes, you will be required to select a new password that meets the current Access Control Standard. Passphrase/password complexity includes: Minimum of 12 characters (longer is generally better) At least one character from each of the following: One Upper case letter (A-Z) One Lower case letter (a-z) One Special Character (non-alphanumeric) One Numeric character (0-9) Q: Will I need to select new security questions? A: Yes, you will be required to select new security questions. You will need to answer these questions correctly to recover your account. Q: Why do I need to provide my personal email address? A: Providing your personal email address will allow you to receive a one-time code to restore your account in the event you forgot your password or if you are locked out of your account. Q: Why do I need to provide my mobile phone number? A: Providing your personal mobile phone number is optional. It will allow you to receive a one-time SMS code to restore your account in the event you forgot your password or if you are locked out of your account. Q: What if I don't reactivate my account? A: On September 30, 2021 any account that are not reactivated will be reset and you will lose access to CSUSB systems. Q: Will I need to update the passphrase/password on my mobile phone or computer? A: Yes. Applications that uses the campus Single Sign On will need to re-authenticate with your new passphrase/password. However, certain apps, including your computer login, may cache your credentials temporarily and may not update immediately. Next time you are prompted to enter your CSUSB password, please use your new passphrase/password. Q: I can't connect to the campus wireless network after I reactivated my account. A: If your device did not prompt you for your new passphrase/password, you may need to forget the network and reconnect it. Follow these Instructions on how to configure your device for eduroam. Your eduroam username is CoyoteID@csusb.edu. If you need additional technical support, please contact the Technology Support Center at (909) 537-7677 or support@csusb.edu. Q: Will I still need to use multi-factor authentication (MFA)? A: Yes, multi-factor authentication using Duo is required per the CSUSB Access Control Standard. Students will be required to use MFA by August 1, 2021. Q: I think I entered my account information on a suspicious website. What do I do? A: Remember, CSUSB ITS staff will never ask you for your password. Should you encounter any suspicious activities to harvest your account credentials, please report them to abuse@csusb.edu.