https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=945ec113513b45b7c04cf2474798b0ac3ff918c58f How to submit a Coyote Photo for your OneCard 1. Before submitting your photos, review the criteria required of your submission here: Coyote Photo Requirements. Acceptable Examples: Unacceptable Examples: 2. Submit a photo for your Coyote OneCard by visiting Coyote Photo: Coyote Photo Submission. 3. Sign into campus single sign-on via your Coyote ID number and password. 4. Tap the upload your photo area to bring up photo options. 5. Select to either take a new photo (mobile devices) or select the photo you wish to upload from your device and select done. 6. Once you have uploaded your Coyote Photo, you will be asked to upload a form of Government ID (Driver's License, State ID or passport) for Identity verification purposes. This step is exactly the same as above, however this time you will be selecting or taking a photo of a valid Government ID. Note: Your photo will not be approved without submission of a valid Government ID. 7. Once your photos have been uploaded, you will be told the overall grade of your photo submission and may be required to submit another photo before completing. All Coyote Photos will be reviewed and approved by a staff member before use with the Coyote OneCard regardless of score received. Submission Hints: All photos are scanned at time of upload to verify if they meet requirements before the card office reviews them. Pending Approval banners will be either green(great submission), yellow (decent submission), or red (probably requires a resubmission) and some information will be displayed regarding the submissions quality. Users can choose to resubmit their photo at this time, or Submit and Sign Out. 7. Once a staff member has reviewed your Coyote Photo, you will receive an email regarding your submission: - If your submission is denied, you will be advised of what was wrong with your submission and given a link to resubmit your photo(s). - If your submission is approved, you're all set. Your photo will automatically be ready for use with your Digital Coyote OneCard, and will be available at time of printing your physical Coyote OneCard if requested. For office locations and hours visit: Obtaining a Physical Coyote OneCard