https://www.csusb.edu/its/support/it-knowledge-base/detail?id=946599d07c291482b3fdb14e6bba31788c9a43ff8b Requesting & Installing SPSS For students, staff or faculty who wish to download and install SPSS or SPSS AMOS. If you have already requested a license, please proceed to the "Downloading SPSS Software" section below. Requesting an SPSS Software License Click on the SPSS Request Link for SPSS or the SPSS AMOS Request Link for SPSS AMOS. If you are not already logged in, you will be directed to the Campus SSO Sign in Page Login with your 9 digit Coyote ID number and MyCoyote Password This will generate the request. Press "Ok" on the pop up, and an SPSS license will be sent to your campus email. Downloading SPSS Software Follow the directions, link and use the license code sent to your campus email You will be redirected to the SSO page. Sign in with your nine digit myCoyote ID and password From the SPSS SharePoint page, click on the folder associated with your computer’s operating system (e.g. Windows or macOS). For Windows, select either SPSS or SPSS Amos. SPSS Amos is not available for Mac OS Move your mouse to the left of the desired software and click to select Once Selected, click the download button on the menu bar above For Windows Follow the steps below. For Mac, scroll down to "Installation for Mac" This will prompt the install package to be downloaded to your computer’s local files. When the install package has finished downloading, open the folder. You will be prompted to provide the computer administrator’s password in order to launch the installer. Make sure to have this information readily available when you are ready to install. Once you provide authorization, the installation will begin. Click ‘Next’ to proceed. Make sure to accept the terms of agreement, then click ‘Next’. When you are ready to install the program, click ‘Install’. Once the installation has been completed, click ‘Next’, then ‘Finish’. When prompted to select the ‘Product Authorization’ type, select ‘Authorized user license’, then click ‘Next’. On the ‘Enter Codes’ page, copy and paste your license key into the ‘Enter Code’ box, click ‘Add’, then click ‘Next’. Note: Your license key can be found in the email sent to you from the Technology Support Center, along with the download link and instructions. Make sure to copy the correct key according to the SPSS version you downloaded (v26 or v27). Click ‘Next’ on the ‘Authorization Status’ page, then click ‘Finish’ on the ‘Licensing Complete’ page. This will complete the SPSS installation process. You can now launch the program by clicking on the desktop icon (Windows) or by clicking on the application (macOS). -OR- Mac Installation: Locate and open the installation file you downloaded. Note: The installation file should go to the "downloads" folder by default, unless changed Press Continue to begin installation Select your language and click "Continue" Click the Agree button Click Install Enter the Password for your Mac and click "Install Software" Please wait while IBM SPSS 28 Installs Once install completes click Close Go to your applications and open the "IBM SPSS Statistics" folder Double click the SPSS Statistics app to launch. Click "Launch License Wizard" Click Next Click the radio button next to "Authorized User License" then press “Next” Enter the Authorization code then click "Add" Then click “Next” Once you receive "Authorization succeeded", click Next, then click Finish. SPSS Statistics is now Installed & Activated